I don't care what a car looks like as long as it gets me from A to B.     我倒不在乎汽车的样子, 只要能把我从一处载到另一处就行了.
example sentence not found
I can use abacus skillfully.     我会熟练地打算盘。
The cruel man abandoned his wife and child.     那个狠心的男人抛弃了他的妻儿。
A noise abatement notice is served on the club.     向俱乐部发停止大声喧哗的通知。
In writing, the title `Doctor' is abbreviated to `Dr'.     在书写时, Doctor头衔的缩写是Dr.
Scratch the subject of defence and acronym, abbreviation, and buzzwords fly out.     话题触及国防，缩合字，缩写字和行话就满天飞。
Shipment to be effected on a container liner of ABC Line.     交由ABC班轮公司的集装箱班轮运载。
The spider has a bulgy abdomen.     蜘蛛长着凸出的腹部。
I'll have an abdominal operation tomorrow.     我明天要做个腹部手术。
example sentence not found
Everyone must abide by the law.     所有的人都应遵守法律。
I don't doubt your ability to do the work.     我不怀疑你有能力担任这项工作。
He is an able man.     他是一个能人。
The weather is abnormal this year.     今年的气候不正常。
It's time to go aboard.     该上船/飞机/车了。
Abraham Lincoln abolished slavery in the United States.    亚伯拉罕・林肯在美国废除了奴隶制
An Australian aboriginal dance festival held at night to celebrate tribal victories or other events.     狂欢会澳大利亚土著的一种舞蹈节，在晚上召开以庆祝部落胜利或其他事件
Some suspicious looking men were loitering abort near the house     几个形迹可疑的人在屋子附近荡来荡去。
Abortion is illegal in this country.     人工流产在这个国家是不合法的。
Tropical plants abound in the jungle. 丛林中有大量的热带植物。
He abounds in courage.他很有胆量。
It is about six o'clock now.     现在是六点钟左右。
The sun rose above the horizon.     太阳升到地平线上。
example sentence not found
An implement with cutting edges or a pointed end for boring holes in hard materials, usually by a rotating abrasion or repeated blows; a bit.     钻带切割刃或尖端的工具，用于在坚硬材料上钻孔，一般靠旋转磨损或反复击打实现钻孔
An abrasive or filler used in a soap or detergent.     增清剂肥皂或去污剂中用的研磨剂或填料
It was abridged from the original work.     这是原书的节录本。
example sentence not found
He lived abroad for many years.     他在国外居住了许多年。
That young man has an abrupt manner.     那个年轻人态度很无礼。
example sentence not found
The tip of an abscess, a boil, or a pimple, in which pus forms.     脓头中间有脓液的脓疮、疖或丘疹的顶端
Please look after my house during my absence.     我不在时，请帮我看房子。
How many students are absent today?     今天有多少学生缺席？
example sentence not found
We now have the absolute proof of his guilt.     我们现在有他犯罪的确凿证据。
I trust his discretion absolutely.     我完全相信他的判断。
His business absorbs him.     他的业务使他全神贯注。
I really appreciate his complete absorption in his work.     我很欣赏他对工作的极端专注。
He has some abstract notion of wanting to change the world.     他有一种要改造世界的空想。
What an absurd suggestion!     多荒谬的建议啊！
There was an abundance of corn last year.     去年玉米丰收。
There is abundant firewood in the forest.     森林里有充裕的薪柴可用。
It's easy to abuse one's power.     人容易滥用权力。
The new academic year is coming.     新学年就要来了。
He is a student in an academy of music.     他是一所音乐学院的学生。
The car accelerated as it overtook me.     那辆汽车一加速就超越了我.
A flight garment worn by astronauts and jet pilots that presses on the lower body to maintain the blood supply to the brain during rapid vertical acceleration.     抗荷衣宇航员或喷气机飞行员穿的飞行服，在快速垂直加速中增加身体下部的压力以保持脑部血液供应
I pressed the accelerator until the engine screamed.     我猛踩油门踏板，发动机发出了尖利的声音。
In the word `today' the accent is on the second syllable.     today一字的重音在第二个音节上.
The tight jumper only accentuated his fat stomach.     那件紧身套头毛衣反更突出了他那肥胖的肚子.
It is generally accepted that smoking is harmful to our health.     吸烟有害健康，这是大家公认的。
The solution to this problem is acceptable.     这个问题的解决方案是可接受的。
Within two days I received a letter of acceptance from the manager.     不到两天，我就收到了经理写来的录取信。
Citizens may have free access to the library.     市民可以免费使用这个图书馆。
A manager should be accessible to his staff.     一个管理人员应该让职员感到平易近人。
He asked me to buy him some accessories for a car.     他让我给他买些汽车附件。
We got back without accident.     我们平安无事地回来了。
Our meeting was quite accidental.     我们的相遇是很偶然的。
Willie accidentally lets off his father's shotgun and made a hole in the wall.     威利玩他父亲的手枪时不小心走火了, 把墙壁打出一个洞。
Acclaim or praise for exceptional achievement.     名声，威信对杰出成就所作的称赞或颂扬
The cottage could accommodate up to five people.     这间小屋最多能容纳5个人。
If labour and management don't reach an accommodation there will be a strike.     如果劳资双方达不成妥协，就会发生罢工。
The text is accompanied by illustration.     正文附有插图。
The prediction was literally accomplished.     这个预言确实实现了。
Developing the supersonic jet was quite an accomplishment.     开发超音速喷气机是一项了不起的成就。
He was accorded a warm welcome.     他受到热烈的欢迎。
I sold the house in accordance with your orders.     我按照你的指示售出了这所房子。
According to these figures, our company is doing well.     从这些数字来看，我们的公司经营得不错。
I have told you the circumstances, so you must act accordingly.     我已将情况告诉你，所以你必须酌情处理。
I have an account with Midland Bank.     我在米德兰银行开有户头。
She was defrauded of her money by a dishonest accountant.     她的钱被一个奸诈的会计骗去了。
Jason should go in for accounting because he has a good head for figures.     贾森应从事会计工作，因为他具有计算的才能。
By investing wisely she accumulated a fortune.     她由于投资精明而积蓄了一笔财产。
Preventing abnormal or excessive accumulation of fat in the liver.     抗脂肪的防止肝脏内脂肪异常或过度积聚的
example sentence not found
It is impossible to say with any accuracy how many are affected.     无论如何也说不准受影响的有多少。
His report of the event was accurate in every detail.     他对事件的报道，其全部细节都是准确的。
He can speak English fluently and accurately.     他能准确流利地说英语。
The accusation was that he had murdered his wife.     罪名是他谋杀了他的妻子。
He was accused of incompetence.     他被指责为不称职。
The accuser brought an accusation against the accused.     原告起诉了被告。
You must accustom yourself to getting up early.     你必须使自己习惯于早起。
You will soon get accustomed to the climate here.     你会很快习惯这里的气候的。
I ache all over.     我浑身疼痛。
He will never achieve anything if he doesn't work hard.     他如果不努力工作就永远不会有所成就。
Flying across the Atlantic for the first time was a great achievement.     首次飞跃大西洋是一项了不起的业绩。
The acid burnt a hole in the carpet.     酸把地毯烧了个洞。
Some freshwater fish such as pike can withstand levels of acidity.     一些诸如梭鱼等淡水鱼可以抵御相当程度的酸性。
She is acknowledged as the best tennis-player in the world.     她被公认为是世界最佳网球选手。
Opened the show with an acoustic set.     不用电子乐器开始演出
The acoustics of the hall are so good that you can hear everything even from the cheapest seats.     这座会堂的音响效果极佳，连最便宜的座位也能听得一清二楚。
I am acquainted with her.     我认识她.
I have a slight acquaintance with Japanese.     我略通日文。
The collector has acquired a fine collection of impressionist paintings.     这位收藏家收集到大量印象派绘画。
The school has a valuable new acquisition.     学校里来了个生力军。
We own 100 acres of farmland.     我们拥有一百英亩农田。
The audience held its/their breath as the acrobat walked along the tightrope.     杂技演员在钢丝绳上表演时，观众们屏息观看。
Scratch the subject of defence and acronym, abbreviation, and buzzwords fly out.     话题触及国防，缩合字，缩写字和行话就满天飞。
The two lines cut across each other.     两条线相交。
Parliament has passed an Act forbidding the killing of rare animals.     国会通过了一项法令, 禁止捕杀珍稀动物。
example sentence not found
Actions speak louder than words.     行动胜于空谈。
I think if you flip the blue switch near the bottom it will activate the air conditioner.     我想，如果你把下方的蓝色开关轻轻地推上，冷气就会出来了。
The burglar alarm was activated by mistake.     防盗铃误响了.
example sentence not found
Vesuvius is an active volcano.     维苏威山是一座活火山。
On the issue of industrial pollution, the environmental activist plead with the government not to soft-pedal.     自然环境保护活动分子请求政府不要对工业污染问题采取低调态度。
The center provides facilities for a whole range of leisure activities.     这个中心提供各种娱乐活动设施。
He is a successful character actor.     他是一个成功的性格演员。
The actress won overnight fame with her first film.     这个女演员的第一部电影使她一举成名。
He told the newspapermen about the conversation, but would not play them the actual tape of it.     他向新闻记者讲了这次谈话的情况，却不愿把实况录音磁带放给他们听。
Believe it or not, he actually won!     信不信由你，他真地胜利了！
The actual labour force numbered20820.     实际劳动力有20820人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His lecture is intended to bear down on the application of acupuncture anesthesia in brain surgery.     他的学术报告打算重点谈针刺麻醉在脑外科方面的应用。
This area has an acute shortage of water.     这个地方缺水严重。
I got four replies to my ad about the bicycle for sale.     已经收到了四份对我出售自行车广告的回信。
This novel has been adapted for radio from the Russian original.     这部小说已由俄文原著改编成无线电广播节目。
example sentence not found
I bought my son an adaptation for children of a play by Shakespeare.     我给我儿子买了为儿童改编的莎士比亚剧本。
Connect the power adapter cable to the camera and into a wall outlet.     把电源接头线与摄像机相连并把其插入墙上的电源插座
Created adaptive clothing for children and young adults with special needs.     为有特殊要求的儿童或年轻人创造适应的布匹
He added some wood to increase the fire.     他加了一些木柴，使火旺些。
example sentence not found
An adder attacked my father.     一条小毒蛇攻击了我父亲。
He was addicted to cocaine.     他吸可卡因上瘾
An addiction, especially to a narcotic drug.     上瘾上瘾，特别是对毒品上瘾
In addition to giving a general introduction to computer, the course also provides practical experience.     课程除了一般介绍电脑知识外，还提供实际操作的机会。
He had to pay some additional charges.     他不得不付些附加费。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He addressed the audience in an eloquent speech.     他向听众发表了雄辩的演说。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A larger computer storage area, usually used for virtual storage addressing.     一大段计算机存储区，常用于虚拟存储器寻址。
example sentence not found
My teacher is adept at designing robots.     我的老师对设计机器人是个内行。
Their earnings are adequate to their needs.     他们挣的钱够用了。
We should adhere to our opinions.     我们应当坚持我们的意见。
example sentence not found
His house is adjacent to mine.     他的寓所与我的相毗连。
This is an adjective phrase.     这是个形容词短语。
Our house adjoins theirs.     我们的房屋与他们的毗连。
He adjusted himself very quickly to the heat of the country.     他很快使自己适应了这个国家炎热的天气。
I've made a few minor adjustments to the seating plan.     我对座次表作了小小的调整。
The priest administered the last rites.     神父为人举行临终圣礼。
example sentence not found
The company developed rapidly under his administration.     在他的管理下，公司发展得很快。
This job is mainly administrative.     这份工作主要是行政性的。
She is an excellent administrator.     她是个优秀的管理人员。
She speaks English so well that her friends are filled with admiration.     她的英语说得好极了，她的朋友都赞美不已。
She has many admirers.     她有许多追求者。
He gained admission into this university.     他获准进入这所大学。
He was admitted to the hospital suffering from burns.     他由于烧伤，被送入医院治疗。
example sentence not found
The period of adolescence is very important in forming one's character.     青春期对人的性格形成是非常重要的。
My adolescent life.     我的青少年时期
As they had no children of their own, they adopted an orphan.     他们没有亲生儿女，就收养了一个孤儿。
He was pleased by the adoption of a little girl.     他对收养了一个女孩感到高兴。
The boys adore their mothers.     男孩们敬慕他们的母亲。
The surgical excision of one or both of the adrenal glands.     肾上腺切除术一个或一对肾上腺的外科切除手术
He kept the adrenalin flowing with off-and-on feuds with his critics.     他断断续续地同评论家们口诛笔伐，使得肝火旺盛。
These films are suitable for adults only.     这些电影只适宜成人观看。
Characterized by adulteration; spurious.     掺假的以掺假为特征的；伪造的
The report advances the suggestion that safety standards should be improved.     该报告建议安全标准应该改进。
The professor is engaged in advanced studies.     该教授正进行高深的学术研究。
Earthenware has an advantage over wood in being more easily kept clean.     陶器的优点在于比木器更容易保持清洁。
For the best; advantageous.     有好处的；有利的
Since the advent of atomic power, there have been great changes in industry.     自从原子动力问世以后，工业发生了巨大的变化。
The explorer told the boys about his adventures in the Arctic.     那位探险家把他在北极的冒险活动讲给男孩子 们听。
It is an adverb.     它是副词。
An allergy is an adverse reaction of the body to certain substances.     过敏是身体对某些物质的不良反应。
I advertised him of my plan.     我告知他我的计划。
There are too many TV advertisements in between the program.     这个电视节目中的广告太多了。
I asked the teacher for her advice.     我征求这位老师的意见。
It is deemed advisable.     这认为是可取的.
The doctor advised (me to take) a complete rest.     医生让（我）完全休息.
Professor Smith served as special adviser to the President.     史密斯教授曾做过总统的特别顾问。
Shops not only by running special advisory services for novices, but by offering consumers bits and pieces which they can assemble at home.     商店不仅为新手经营专门的咨询服务，而且为消费者提供可以在家里组装的零件。
He advocates reducing military spending.     他主张削减军费开支。
He showed me some aerial photographs.     他给我看了一些空中拍摄的照片。
An aeroplane droned overhead.     一架飞机在头上嗡嗡飞过。
The aerospace industry in our country has developed greatly after liberation.     解放后，我国的宇航事业取得了巨大的发展。
The aesthetic feel or tactile quality of something, such as a fabric, textile, or carpeting, that indicates its fineness, texture, and durability.     手感触摸诸如纤维、织物、毯子等物时对它们的质地、品质以及柔软程度的感觉或美感
Mind your own affairs!     别管闲事！
He affected not to hear me.     他假装没有听见我。
The climate affected his health.     气候影响了他的健康。
Every mother has affection for her children.     每个母亲都爱她的孩子。
example sentence not found
I affirm that what he said is true.     我断言他所说的是实情。
An affirmative statement or vote.     肯定的陈述肯定的陈述或表示赞成
Affix a label to a package.     在包裹上贴张标签
She was afflicted with conscience.     她受良心责备。
Affluent he may be, But he is by no means sure what to tip the doorman or the chambermaid.     尽管他可能是富裕的，但他一点不知道该付多少小费给看门人和清理卧室的女服务员。
I can't afford a holiday this summer.     今年夏天我无法度假。
She was afraid that the dog would bite.     她害怕这狗会咬人。
Africa is a mysterious land to him.     对他来说，非洲是一片神秘的土地。
Most African people are black people.     大多数非洲人是黑人。
I found your coat after you had left the house.     你离开房子之后，我发现了你的外衣。
Good afternoon!     下午好！
Soon afterward they left.     他们不久以后就离开了。
We saw the play separately and compared notes afterwards.     我们各自看了那出戏, 後来交换了意见.
Please say that again.     请再说一次。
There are 26 votes for him and 8 against him.     有26票赞成他，8票反对他。
Anxiety ages us.     忧虑催人老。
The heroine of the film is an aged woman.     影片的女主角是一位老妇人。
I got this job through an employment agency.     我通过职业介绍所找到了这份工作。
Could you run (me) off twenty copies of the agenda?     你把议事日程表给（我）复印二十份好吗?
He used to be a literary agent.     他曾是一位著作经纪人。
The lack of rain aggravated the already serious shortage of food.     干旱少雨使原本就很严重的粮食短缺问题更加严重。
The television audience aggregated 30 millions.     电视观众合计达3000万人.
One that engages in aggression.     侵略者；挑衅者涉及侵略的人
He is an aggressive man.     他是一个好斗的人。
The drainage system has been aged.     排水系统已经老化了。
He became quite agitated when he was asked about his criminal past.     当问到他过去的犯罪历史时，他变得十分焦虑不安。
He was in a state of great agitation.     他处于异常焦虑的状态。
He came here two years ago.     他两年前来到这里。
He was in an agony of remorse.     他处于悔恨的海洋中。
We agreed to leave at once.     我们同意立即离开。
Are you agreeable to the proposal?     你能同意这项建议吗？
We are in agreement with their decision.     我们同意他们的决定。
The agricultural commodities are abundant this year.     今年的农产品很丰富。
I know nothing about agriculture.     我对农业一窍不通。
He ran on ahead.     他跑在前面。
A dictionary is an invaluable aid in learning a new language.     在学习一种新语言时，词典是非常有用的工具。
What ailment is on you?     你有什么病?
He aims to be a successful writer.     他的目标是成为一个成功的作家。
We aired the room by opening the window.     我们打开窗户，使房间通风。
example sentence not found
The speed of this aircraft is very high.     这架飞机的速度非常快。
A large passenger aircraft will land on the airfield.     一架大型民航班机将降落在这个飞机场。
example sentence not found
We aired the room by opening the window.     我们打开窗户，使房间通风。
Mr. Wang is a staff of France airline.     王先生是法国航空公司的一名职员。
This is a large passenger airliner.     这是一架大型客机。
Surface mail takes longer than airmail.     普通邮件比航空邮件慢。
The airplane is airworthy.     这架飞机是适于飞行的。
You must arrive at the airport two hours early.     你必须提前两小时到达机场。
This comedy has had them rolling in the aisles for two weeks.     这出喜剧让观众们连续两个星期乐得前仰后合。
I gave the alarm as soon as I saw the smoke.     我一看见冒烟，就发出了警报。
My album of boyhood photographs often reminds me of the past happiness.     童年时的相册经常让我想起儿时的欢乐。　
This substance is soluble in alcohol.     这种物质能够溶解在酒精中。
Home-made wine can be very alcoholic.     自制的酒酒性很烈。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An alert listener will have noticed the error.     耳朵尖的人能听出这个错。
Algae grow in water.     水藻生长在水中。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Mick Clark, alias Sid Brown, is wanted for questioning by the police.     米克・克拉克, 又名锡德・布朗, 被警方通缉审问.
Their ideas are quite alien to our ways of thinking.     他们的观点同我们看问题的方法格格不入。
The Prime Minister's policy alienated many of her followers.     首相的政策使很多拥护她的人疏远了她.
Mental illness can create a sense of alienation from the real world.     精神病能产生一种与现实世界脱离的感觉。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Could you align this table with those?     你能把这张桌子同那些桌子排成一行吗？
The Communist Party has aligned itself with the Socialists.     共产党与社会党结成了联盟.
Correct the wheel alignment on a car.     修正汽车上的轮胎准线
We are much alike in character.     我们的性格很相似。
example sentence not found
Are your grandparents still alive?     你的祖父母还在世吗？
example sentence not found
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.     （谚）只工作不玩耍，聪明杰克也变傻。
You surely won't print (ie publish, esp in a newspaper) such a scandalous allegation.     你绝不会让这种造谣中伤的言论披露见报的吧.
The police alleged that the man was murdered but they have given no proof.     警方声称这男子是被谋杀的，但未提出任何证据。
The police alleged that the man was murdered but they have given no proof.     警方声称这男子是被谋杀的，但未提出任何证据。
The soldiers swore allegiance to their motherland.     士兵们宣誓效忠于他们的祖国。
Allergic children; highly allergic to penicillin.     过敏的儿童；对青霉素高度过敏
An allergy to cocktail parties.     对鸡尾酒会的厌恶
The doctor gave her an injection to alleviate the pain.     医生给她注射以减轻疼痛.
We tried one idea after the other, but they all seemed to be leading to blind alleys.     我们想了一个又一个主意，但它们似乎都行不通。
They made an alliance against the common enemy.     他们联合起来抵御共同的敌人。
The English language is allied to the German language.     英语和德语属于同一语系。
A system used to allocate a scarce commodity, such as food, only to those capable of deriving the greatest benefit from it.     优先分配一种将有限的物资，如食物，分配给那些能从中获取最大收益的人的制度
We've spent our entire allocation for the year.     我们已经把今年拨给我们的全部经费都花光了.
example sentence not found
How much cash has been allotted?     拨给多少现款?
You are not allowed to smoke here.     这里不许吸烟。
example sentence not found
She failed one of the exam papers, but we ought to make allowance for the fact that she was ill.     她有一门不及格，但我们必须考虑到她当时有病。
Imports will be allowed in proportion to exports.     容许的进口量将按照出口的多少而定。
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.     黄铜是铜和锌的合金。
That football team is our ally.     那个足球队是我们的同盟者。
She said almost nothing.     她几乎什么都没说。
He thinks it's a shame to beg others for alms.     他认为向他人乞求救济是耻辱。
I was alone in the classroom.     我独自在教室里。
We walked along the road.     我们沿着路走。
The car drew up alongside the road.     小汽车在路边停下来。
Please read aloud so that I can hear you.     请大声朗读，好让我能听到。
The researches are concerned with alpha rays.     这些研究是关于阿尔法射线的。
There are 26 letters in the English alphabet.     英语字母表中有26个字母。
example sentence not found
The index is arranged in alphabetical order.     这索引是按字母顺序排列的。
The books are listed alphabetically.     这些书是按字母顺序编入目录的.
A terminal containing less than a full alphanumeric keyboard; for example, one containing ten numeric keys plus control keys.     一种终端，它的键盘不包括全套的字母数字字符键；例如，只包括十个数字键以及若干控制键。
I've been there already and don't want to go again.     我曾到过那，不想再去了。
Tom has been to Japan, I have also been there.     汤姆曾去过日本，我也曾去过。
He altered one of the rooms into a bedroom.     他把一间屋子改建成了卧室。
There have been a few alterations to the timetable.     时间表上有一些变动。
Sunny weather alternated with rain.     天气晴雨相间。
An ancient method of writing in which the lines are inscribed alternately from right to left and from left to right.     交错书写方法一种古代的书写方法，其中每一行交替地自右至左和自左至右书写
Have you got an alternative suggestion?     你有没有其他建议？
We could take the train or alternatively go by car.     我们可以坐火车去, 也可以坐汽车去.
Although my uncle is old, he looks very strong and healthy.     我的叔叔虽然老了，但他看上去还是很健壮。
The airliner flew at an altitude of 20000ft.     客机在两万英尺的高度飞行。
I don't altogether agree with you.     我并不完全同意你。
Wrapping aluminium foil round a joint allows the meat to cook in its own juice/juices.     用铝箔把肉包住使之在原汁中烹制.
Aluminum foil can be used for wrapping food.     铝箔用于包装食物。
example sentence not found
We should always help each other.     我们应始终互相帮助。
I am more than twice as old as he.     我的年龄是他的两倍还不止。
That which is gathered or amassed; a collection or an accumulation.     收集物被收集或聚集的东西；一种收集物或获得物
You are a professional, but I am an amateur.     你是专职的，我是业余的。
He amazed me by his audacity.     他的无理让我惊骇。
It was amazing that he knew nothing about the event.     他对这个事件毫不知情，真让人感到诧异。
He was appointed ambassador to the United States.     他被任命为驻美国大使。
A state of ambiguity or obscurity.     含糊不清或者晦涩的状态
He give us an ambiguous answer.     他给了我们一个模棱两可的答复。
In his youth he had the ambition of being a pianist.     他在青年时代曾经有过想当钢琴家的雄心。
An ambitious boy usually works hard.     一个充满雄心的男孩通常会努力工作。
An ambulance was racing along with its sirens wailing.     救护车响着警报急驰而过。
This case is not amenable to the normal rules.     这件事经不起常规的检验.
They decided to amend the bill.     他们决定修正这条议案。
That representative brought forth an amendment to the press law.     那位代表提出了一项对新闻法的修正案。
Did you make amends to Tom for his loss?     你赔偿汤姆的损失了吗？
Have you been to America?     你去过美国吗？
Bill Gates is an American citizen.     比尔・盖茨是美国公民。
example sentence not found
He is an amiable person.     他是个可亲的人。
We groped amid the darkness.     我们在黑暗中摸索。
The tower stood amidst the ruins.     塔矗立在废墟中。
Ammonia is a chemical substance.     氨是种化学物质。
We were desperately short of ammunition.     我们非常缺乏弹药。
I live among the mountains.     我住在群山之中。
He lives in a house amongst the trees.     他住在一栋树木环绕的房子里。
example sentence not found
My savings amount to $2000.     我的储蓄共达2000美元。
A unit of electric power equal to the product of one volt and one ampere, equivalent to one watt.     伏安法功率单位，等于一伏特和一安培的乘积，等于一瓦特
example sentence not found
Frogs and newts are amphibians.     青蛙和蝾螈都是两栖动物.
We have ample time.     我们有充足的时间。
example sentence not found
This is an amplifier.     这是一个放大器。
A figure of a head worn by actors in Greek and Roman drama to identify a character or trait and to amplify the voice.     面具古希腊和罗马的戏剧演员佩戴的人物面具或头部面具，用以标明戏中人物性格或品质，同时扩大声音
The amplitude or loudness of a sound.     音量声音的响度或强度
Her arm is so badly injured they will have to amputate (it).     她的胳膊伤势严重, 他们不得不锯掉（它）.
A prosthesis was fitted after the amputation.     截肢之後安装了义肢.
The boys amuse themselves by drawing caricatures of their teacher.     男孩子们以画老师的漫画取乐。
She has an amused twinkle in her eye(s).     她高兴得双目熠熠发亮.
I find amusement in collecting stamps.     我发现了集邮的乐趣。
Australia is an English speaking nation.     澳大利亚是一个讲英语的国家。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Aspirin is a mild analgesic.     阿司匹林是药性平和的止痛药.
Conversion of an analog signal to a digital signal, with steps between specified levels.     利用规定量化间隔，把模拟信号转化成数字信号。参阅quantization。
A vegetarian gets protein not from meat but from its analogues.     素食者所摄取的蛋白质不是来自肉类而是来自近似肉类的食物.
It is not always reliable to argue by analogy.     用类推法论证并不总是可靠的。
Close analysis of sales figures showed clear regional variations.     对销售额的仔细分析显示出明显的地区差别。
We don't pay our financial analysts to be wise after the event!     我们花钱请财务分析家不是让他们当事後诸葛亮!
An analytic mind; an analytic approach.     善于分析的头脑；分析方法
example sentence not found
He analyzed the food and found that it contained poison.     他对这种食物做了化验，发现有毒。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Do you remember the lesson on the anatomy of a frog?     你还记得我们解剖青蛙的那堂课吗？
Ancestor's festival is an important Chinese holiday.     鬼节是中国一个重要的节日。
Hope is his only anchor.     希望是他唯一的依靠。
We will all have a course in ancient history this term.     这个学期我们都有一门古代史课程。
My father and mother went for a walk.     爸爸妈妈去散步了。
He told me some anecdote about our English teacher.     他告诉我几个关于英语老师的掌故。
His lecture is intended to bear down on the application of acupuncture anesthesia in brain surgery.     他的学术报告打算重点谈针刺麻醉在脑外科方面的应用。
example sentence not found
A gaseous anesthetic, such as nitrous oxide.     气体麻醉剂一种气态的麻醉剂，如二氧化氮
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My little daughter is as lovely as an angel.     我的小女儿像天使一样可爱。
He could hardly contain his anger.     他怒不可遏。
Try looking at the affair from a different angle.     试从不同的角度来看这件事。
I was angry with him for keeping me waiting.     我对他很生气，因为他让我等了好久。
example sentence not found
The child was badly hurt and was in anguish all the evening.     这个孩子受了重伤，整夜都在痛苦之中。
The camel is a herbivorous animal.     骆驼是一种食草动物。
We could see how excited he was by the animation in his face.     我们从他脸上的神气就能看出他多麽兴奋。
He hurt his left ankle in the broad jump.     他跳远时扭伤了左踝。
Radio communication has annihilated space.     无线电通讯已消除了空间的阻隔。
He gave me a necklace as an anniversary gift.     他给我一条项链作为周年纪念礼物。
Some people annotate as they read.     有的人一面读书一面做注解。
example sentence not found
The news was announced by Radio Beijing.     这条消息是由北京广播电台播发的。
When her husband died, she put an announcement in the newspaper.     她丈夫去世时，她在报纸上登了讣告。
She is an announcer in TV broadcast.     她是电视台的一名主持人。
I was annoyed at his intrusion.     我对他的闯入感到生气。
I'm extremely annoyed at the way he always stares at me in the office.     他在办公室里老是目不转睛地盯著我，真把我气坏了。
Many garden plants are annuals.     许多观赏植物都是一年生的。
example sentence not found
An electron tube having a cathode and an anode.     电子二极管有一个阳极和一个阴极的电子管
An anonymous poet who flourished in the tenth century; painted when Impressionism was flourishing.     一位活跃在10世纪的无名诗人；在印象主义最蓬勃的时期作画
Will you have another cup of tea?     你再喝一杯茶吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Do you know the answer to this question?     你知道这道题的答案吗？
There is a clear division of labor in ants.     蚂蚁间有明确的分工。
You could sense the antagonism between them.     你能觉察出他们之间有对立情绪.
A sparrow fluttering about the church is an antagonist which the most profound theologian in Europe is wholly unable to overcome.     在教堂附近飞来飞去的麻雀，是为欧洲学识最深的神学家们完全无法克服的敌手。
Mutually exclusive or antagonistic qualities or things.     不相容，两相对立无法共存、彼此抵触的特性或事物
The scientist has spent six months in the solitudes of the Antarctic.     这位科学家已经在人迹罕至的南极待了六个月了。
example sentence not found
You should fix the television antenna before receiving programs.     接收节目前，你应该先装天线。
Anthems are often with words taken from the Bible.     圣歌的歌词多取自于《圣经》。
The anthology reveals a prejudice in favour of lyric poets.     这部选集显示出对抒情诗人有所偏爱.
example sentence not found
One of my friends majored in anthropology in a university in Illinois.     我的一个朋友在伊利诺斯州的一所大学学习人类学。
example sentence not found
Antibiotic can be used against infection.     抗菌素可以用来防止感染。
Relating to the correspondence between an antigen and the antibody produced in response to it.     同源的与抗原和对其反应产生的抗体同的对应现象有关的
In business, you've got to anticipate how your competitors will act.     在生意上，你必须事先估计到你的竞争对手会如何行动。
A feeling of unease or mild nausea caused especially by fearful anticipation.     因害怕而发抖特别是由于可怕的预感而引起的不适感觉或轻度的恶心呕吐
example sentence not found
Do you have any antidote for a snakebite?     你有治疗毒蛇咬伤的解毒药吗？
A protein substance produced in the blood or tissues in response to a specific antigen, such as a bacterium or a toxin. Antibodies destroy or weaken bacteria and neutralize organic poisons, thus forming the basis of immunity.     抗体，免疫体血液或组织针对某种抗原如细菌或毒素而产生的蛋白质物质。抗体消灭细菌或削弱其作用，中和有机毒素，因而形成免疫力
The antihistamine spaces me out so I can't think clearly.     感冒药使我昏昏沉沉，不能清晰思考
This jade dragon is a genuine antique.     这件玉龙是真正的古玩。
example sentence not found
Carbolic acid can be used to make antiseptic.     石炭酸可用来做防腐剂。
example sentence not found
Antitoxin is substance that acts against a poisonous substance and prevents it from having a harmful effect.     抗毒素是抵抗有毒物质并防止其产生有害作用的物质。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The absence or closure of a normal body orifice or tubular passage such as the anus, intestine, or external ear canal.     （先天性）闭锁，无孔正常的身体孔或管道，如肛门、肠或外耳道的缺失或闭合
The anxieties of the past week had left her exhausted.     上星期把她愁得没精打采。
I was anxious about the children when they didn't come back home from school.     孩子们放学后没有回家，我非常担心。
Any is better than none.     有总胜于无。
He doubts if the officer is anybody.     他怀疑这官员是个要人。
I couldn't think of the name of that man anyhow.     我怎么也想不出那人的名字来了。
You shouldn't trust anyone strange.     你不应相信任何陌生人。
Is there anything for me?     有东西给我吗？
The house was locked and I cannot get in anyway.     屋子锁着，我无论如何也进不去。
We'll go anywhere you like.     你想去哪，我们就去哪。
example sentence not found
I can't tell the twins apart.     我辨认不出这对双胞胎。
He lives in this apartment building.     他住在这座公寓大楼内。
The ape imitated our behavior.     猿猴模仿我们的行为。
The aperture in the door is so wide.     门上的孔隙太大了。
Recognizing who the customer was, the manager was most apologetic and reprimanded the assistant severely.     经理认出顾客是谁，所以赔了一千个不是，并狠狠地斥责了店员。
Apologize to your sister!     给你姐姐赔个不是!
Your allegations are completely untrue, and I demand an immediate apology.     你的说法完全不真实，我要求立即道歉。
example sentence not found
The prospect of another war appalled us.     想到有可能发生另一场战争，我们不寒而栗。
Nothing can extenuate such appalling behavior.     这种骇人听闻的行径罪不可恕。
The television men have set up their apparatus.     电视工作人员已经安装好了他们的器材。
It was apparent to all that he was guilty.     众所周知，他是有罪的。
Apparently he never wrote a letter to her.     显然，他一封信也没给她写。
He was appealing for funds to build a new school.     他在恳求拨款修建一所新学校。
A truck appeared over the hill.     一辆卡车在山丘上出现。
We should not judge a person by his appearance.     我们不应该以貌取人。
example sentence not found
Additional information appended to the manuscript, as of a book or an article.     附言，续篇如一本书或一篇文章正文后的附加信息
example sentence not found
She's got appendicitis.     她得了阑尾炎.
This dictionary has several appendices.     这本词典有几项附录。
She is suffering from lack of appetite.     她食欲不振。
We all applaud you for your decision.     我们一致赞成你的决定。
His speech won the applause of the audience.     他的讲话赢得了听众的掌声。
An apple is a kind of fruit.     苹果是一种水果。
These appliances are made of stainless iron.     这些器具是用不锈钢制成的。
Applicable to or characteristic of attorneys or their profession.     律师的适用于律师或律师行业的，律师或律师行业的特点的
The enterprise is an applicant of this credit.     这家企业是信用证的申请者。
The manager received twenty applications for the post.     经理收到了二十份求职申请书。
The results of this research can be applied to new developments in technology.     这项研究成果能应用於新的技术开发方面.
In this way they can better apply theory to practice.     这样他们就能更好地把理论运用到实践中去。
They appointed him chairman.     他们任命他为主席。
I have an appointment with my dentist this afternoon.     我已约好今天下午去看牙医。
The department manager apportioned his men the duties for the week.     部门经理把一星期的工作任务分配给他的下属。
A new appraisal or evaluation.     重新评估重新估计或评价
A fracture or crack in a rock mass along which no appreciable movement has occurred.     裂缝，裂口岩石块中的碎片或缝隙，在其周围未发生过可被觉察到的运动
We appreciate your helping us.     我们感谢你们的帮助。
There is an appreciation of the poet's work in the book.     那本书中有对诗人作品的评论。
He felt some apprehension over the result.     他对结果有点担心。
He is an apprentice plumber.     他是个见习水管工人。
The lion's approach drove away the small animals.     狮子一走近，小动物们都跑开了。
Plain, simple clothes are appropriate for school wear.     简单朴素的衣服适合在学校里穿。
example sentence not found
I hope the arrangements meet with your approval.     我希望这些安排会得到你的同意。
The city council approved the building plan.     市议会批准了这项建筑计划。
Your guess only approximates to the facts.     你的猜测仅仅是接近事实。
The plane will be taking off in approximately five minutes.     飞机大约五分钟后就起飞。
example sentence not found
He moved into this house in April.     他是四月份搬进这所房子的。
My apron is so dirty that I have to wash it.     我的围裙太脏了，我不得不洗它。
It's apt to rain this afternoon.     今天下午可能下雨。
He has an aptitude for languages.     他具有学习语言的才能。
A large aquarium for the study or display of marine life.     海洋水族馆研究或陈列海洋生物的巨大水族馆
Aquatic animals that live in the substrate of a body of water, especially in a soft sea bottom.     底内动物生活在水体底部的水生动物，尤指栖于松软海底的水生动物
This,  he declared, has aroused the bitter indignation of the Arab people.     他说：这就激起了阿拉伯人民的强烈义愤。
The Arabian Nights' Entertainment is very interesting.     《一千零一夜》的故事非常有趣。
He demonstrated a mastery of Arabic.     他显示了对阿拉伯语的精通。
example sentence not found
The choice of players for the team seems completely arbitrary.     对队员的挑选似乎完全是主观决定的。
The sun appears to move in an arc across the sky.     太阳看起来在天空以弧线运行。
The cat arched its back in anger.     那只猫气得拱起了腰。
example sentence not found
An archaic word, phrase, idiom, or other expression.     古词，古语古词、古短语、古习语或其它表达（形式）
Everyone is the architect of his own fortune.     每个人都是自己命运的创造者。
The architecture of this house is very substantial.     这座房子的结构很牢固。
Place for permanent or long-term storage of data, from which retrieval is infrequent. A computer archive, for instance, may be on magnetic tape.     用于永久或长期存储不常检索的数据的地点（介质）。例如，计算机的档案文件可放在磁带上。
My leader asked to find him an ancient document in the archives.     我的上级要我给他在档案里找一份老掉牙的文件。
I have never seen an arctic bear.     我从未见过北极熊。
I am an ardent supporter of the local football team.     我是本地足球队的球迷。
It's an arduous task.     这是一项艰巨的任务。
The farm is about 50 or 60 square kilometers in the area.     这个农场的面积约为50 或60 平方公里。
She entered the political arena after her husband's death.     她丈夫死后，她进入了政界。
The United States should, he argues, attempt to remain aloof.     他认为，美国应保持超然态度。
We accepted the agreement without argument.     我们毫无异议地接受了这一协议。
Accidents often arise from carelessness.     事故往往起因于粗心。
The little boy was not good at arithmetic.     这个小男孩算术不太好。
Justice has long arms.     天网恢恢，疏而不漏。
This armchair is made of bamboo.     这个扶手椅是用竹子做成的。
His body was encased in shining armour.     他全身披着明幌幌的甲胄。
The government intends to cut expenditure on arms.     政府打算削减军备开支。
He joined the army a year ago.     一年以前，他参军了。
My sister is around your age.     我妹妹和你年龄相仿。
Diana aroused them just before dawn.     戴安娜在黎明前唤醒了他们。
I have arranged that one of my staff will meet you at the airport.     我已经安排好派一个职员到飞机场接你。
We have made all the arrangements for the conference.     我们已做好会议的全部筹备工作。
Banners are arrayed on the wall.     墙上张挂着锦旗。
I'm in arrears with the housework.     我的家务事还拖著呢.
The treatment arrested the growth of the disease.     治疗抑制了病情的发展。
The secretary informed me of his arrival.     秘书通知我他来了。
Finally, they arrived at an agreement.     他们最后终于达成了协议。
He is an arrogant man.     他是一个自高自大的人。
The airport is arrowed on the map.     飞机场在地图上用箭头标出。
Arsenals are factories that produce weapons.     军工厂是生产武器的工厂。
He had devoted his whole life to the study of contemporary art.     他把他的一生都献给了当代艺术研究。
The Yangtse River is one of the main arteries of traffic in China.     长江是中国的交通要道之一。
Gout is a form of arthritis.     痛风是关节炎的一种。
I am articled to a firm of lawyers.     我受雇在一家律师公司做见习生。
She's unusually articulate for a ten-year-old.     作为一个十岁的孩子来说，她的表达力是非常强的。
As he drank more wine his articulation became worse.     他又多喝了些酒, 口齿也就更不清楚了.
Found echoes of past civilizations while examining artifacts in the Middle East.     在调查中东的史前古器物时，发现了旧时文明的遗迹
I can't stand his artificial smiles.     我受不了他的假笑。
A naturally occurring or artificially produced radioactive element.     放射性元素自然产生或人为制造的放射性元素
Artillery fire caused heavy loss.     炮火造成重大损失。
His dream of becoming an artist has been fulfilled.     他成为一个艺术家的梦想实现了。
She is very artistic.     她酷爱艺术。
Made of gold and ivory, as certain pieces of sculpture or artwork in ancient Greece.     由黄金和象牙制成的由黄金和象牙制成的，如古希腊某些雕刻或工艺品
It is just as you like.     事情就如你喜欢的那样。
The airplane ascended higher and higher.     飞机渐渐升高。
Rising in the sky; ascending.     上升的升到天空中的；上升的
Who was the first man to make an ascent in a balloon?     第一个乘气球升空的人是谁?
The detective was trying to ascertain exactly who was at the party.     这个侦探试图查明都有谁参加了聚会。
An ASCII control character, end of medium.     一种ASCII码控制字符，媒体结束符。
example sentence not found
This song is often ascribed to Bach.     这首歌曲常被说成是巴赫做的。
example sentence not found
An aseptic smile.     漠然的微笑
Don't drop cigarette ash on the carpet.     别把烟灰落在地毯上。
I was too ashamed to tell her that I had failed.     我不好意思告诉她我不及格。
He managed to swim ashore.     他设法向岸边游过去。
China is a developing country in Asia.     中国是亚洲的发展中国家。
That Asian stopped me and asked if I was Chinese.     那个亚洲人拦住我，问我是不是中国人。
The decision was set aside.     决议被搁置。
May I ask a question?     我可以问一个问题吗？
Her husband was sound asleep.     她丈夫睡得很熟。
The most terrifying aspect of nuclear bombing is radiation.     核弹轰炸最可怕的一面是辐射。
She was filled with the aspiration to succeed in life.     她渴望有所成就。
He aspired to leadership even in his childhood.     童年时代他就渴望当领袖。
He fought off the cold by taking aspirin.     他服阿斯匹林来治疗感冒。
example sentence not found
The assassination was successful.     暗杀成功了。
They made an assault on the enemy's position.     他们突袭敌人的阵地。
The students assembled in the school garden.     学生们在校园集合。
The solider are all assembled with gaiters.     士兵们全都绑着绑腿。
In assembler programming, one or more operation represented by a combination of terms and paired parentheses.     汇编程序设计中，用项和括号对的组合所代表的一个或多个操作。
People have the rights of assembly and expression.     人们有集会和发表言论的权利。
She asserted that he was innocent.     她断言，他是无罪的。
He spoke with assertion.     他坚定地说。
She look at the house and assess its market value.     他看了看房子并估算了其市场价值。
Continuous assessment is made of all students' work.     对全体学生的功课作出连贯性的评定。
The slaves were property they　were on the tax books along with horses and cats, the valuation　of each slave written next to his name in the tax assessors books.     当时，奴隶只是一件财产，他们和马儿、猫儿一起列在税册上，在收税人的册子里，每个奴隶的名字旁边写着他们的价值。
The firm has an important asset in the person of the director of research.     公司有一巨大财富，就是研究部主任这个人。
If your liabilities exceed your assets, you may go bankrupt.     如果你所负的债超过你的资产，你就会破产。
All the students are assigned to suitable jobs.     所有的学生都分到了合适的工作。
They assigned his odd behavior to his ill health.     他们把他的古怪行为归因于健康不佳。
He is the best man who can finish the assignment.     他是能完成这项任务的最佳人选。
The USA has assimilated people from many different countries.     美国已经同化了许多来自不同国家的人。
The assimilation of people in USA is common.     在美国，人的同化很普遍。
A team of nurses assisted the doctor in performing the operation.     一组护士协助医生施行手术。
Could you give us some assistance with this work?     你能就这项工作给我们一些帮助吗？
The teacher said that he would like to choose an assistant among us.     老师说他将要从我们中选一个人作他的助手。
She associated happiness with having money.     她把幸福和有钱联想到一起。
He is a member of the Association of University Teachers.     他是大学教师联合会的一名成员。
example sentence not found
Demonstrators attacked the police, using sticks and assorted missiles.     示威者用棍棒和各种投掷物攻击警察。
There are wide assortments of gifts to choose from.     那儿有各式各样的礼品可供选择。
The problem has assumed a new form.     这个问题又以新的形式出现。
Taken for granted; assumed.     想当然的；假定的
The theory is based on a series of wrong assumptions.     这一理论是以一系列错误的设想为依据的。
They were waiting with assurance for me to discover the truth for myself.     他们自信地等待我自己发现事实真相。
I can assure you that your son will be happy here.     我可以向你保证，你儿子在这里会很快乐的。
She positively assured me that it was true.     她向我明确地保证那是事实.
The asterisked questions may be omitted.     带星号的问题可以略去.
example sentence not found
I was astonished at the news of his escape.     听到他逃之夭夭的消息，我感到惊讶。
The car rushed at the bridge at astonishing speed.     汽车以惊人的速度向桥冲过去。
We were astounded to read your letter.     我们看了你的信大吃一惊。
A rocket manned by trained astronauts will launch soon.     载有受过训练的宇航员的火箭马上就要发射了。
He is the best one of those astronomers.     他是那些天文学家中最优秀的一个。
Astronomy is the scientific study of the sun, moon, and stars and other heaven bodies.     天文学是研究太阳、月亮、星星和其他天体的科学。
It is an astute move to sell just before price goes down.     正好在价格下跌前脱手，真是精明之举。
Here is an asylum for the care of mentally ill or destitute people.     这儿是一家精神病院。
example sentence not found
I met him at the bus stop.     我在公共汽车站遇到他的。
example sentence not found
Most first-class footballers are natural athletes.     多数一流的足球运动员都是天生的健将。
He is an athletic-looking young man.     他是一个体格健美的年轻人。
It took them several days to cross the Atlantic Ocean.     他们花了好几天的时间穿越大西洋。
The atlas contains forty maps.     这个地图集有四十幅地图。
There is an atmosphere of peace and calm in the country, quite different from the atmosphere of a big city.     在乡间有一种和平宁静的气氛，和大城市的气氛截然不同。
What's the atmospheric pressure today?     今天的气压怎么样？
The tower was blown to atoms by the force of the explosion.     爆炸的力量把塔炸得粉碎。
The ship was sunk by an atomic submarine.     这艘船是被一艘核潜艇击沉的。
We are much attached to each other.     我们之间感情深厚。
This middle school is attached to a teachers' college.     这所中学附属于一所师范院校。
She's on attachment to the Ministry of Defense.     她现在隶属于国防部。
The enemy attacked us at night.     敌人在夜里向我们进攻。
The country attained its independence in 1972.     这个国家在1972年获得了独立。
He didn't pass the exam, but it was a good attempt.     他虽然没有通过考试，但他做了很大的努力。
Danger attended everything he did.     他所做的每一件事都有危险。
Attendance at school is demanded by law.     法律规定儿童必须上学。
The president gave the Prince and his attendants a farewell banquet.     总统为王子和他的随员举行了告别宴会。
She soon becomes the centre of attention.     她很快成为大家注意的人物。
He is attentive to his little brother.     他很关心他的小弟弟。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They sat around in easy attitude.     他们以舒适的姿势围坐在一起。
He was selected as the district attorney.     他被选为地方检察官。
The flower show attracted large crowds this year.     今年的花展吸引了大批观众。
The attraction of the moon for the earth causes the tides.     月球对地球的吸引力造成潮汐。
The photo made him quite attractive.     照片把他拍得相当英俊。
His illness is attributable to overwork.     他的病可归因于劳累过度。
They attribute their success to their teacher's encouragement.     他们把成功归因于老师的鼓励。
We will put the car up for auction.     我们将把这辆小车拍卖。
Her voice was scarcely audible above the noise of the wind.     在风中她的声音几乎听不见。
Someone in the audience began to laugh.     观众中有人开始笑起来。
The reproductive quality of audio tapes has improved enormously.     录音磁带的复制质量有了很大改进。
As usual, the yearly audit will take place in December.     跟往常一样，年度审计将在十二月份进行。
The book has not yet been audited.     这些帐册还未被审计。
I'm going to the audition but I don't expect I'll get a part.     我去试音, 可并不指望会给我个角色演出.
The crowd overflowed the auditorium.     人群挤得礼堂无法容纳。
example sentence not found
He augments his income by teaching in the evenings.     他晚上去教书以增加收入。
His summer vacation will end in the late August.     他的暑假将于八月底结束。
I often go to visit my aunt at weekends.     我常在周末去看望我姑母。
You can use these tapes as aural material.     你可以把这些磁带当作听力材料。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My foreign teacher came from Australia.     我的外籍教师来自澳大利亚。
British explorer who sailed to New South Wales(1795) and subsequently made a thorough study of the Australian coast.     弗林德斯，马修1774－1814英国探险家，曾航行到新南威尔士州（1795年），随后对澳大利亚的海岸作了详尽的研究
Is that an authentic painting or a copy?     那幅画是原作还是复制品？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Dickens is his favorite author.     狄更斯是他最喜欢的作家、
Copyright expires 50 years after the death of the author.     版权在作者死後50年即行终止.
An authoritarian regime.     独裁主义的政府
This is an authoritative order.     这是一个必须服从的命令。
My parents think that the contemporary young people have no respect for authority.     我父母认为现在的年轻人不尊重权威。
May I see your authorization for this?     我可以看看你做这件事的授权书吗?
He confidentially authorized me to act for him while he was abroad.     他信任地委托我在他出国期间代行他的职务。
I've been authorized by the court to repossess this property.     我得到法庭认可重新拥有这笔财产。
The auto industry has brought many people to Detroit.     汽车工业把许多人吸引到了底特律。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We get an automatic increase in pay every year.     我们的薪金每年会自动增长。
Once installed, this heater operates automatically.     一旦安装好以后，这加热器就会自动地运行。
Automation by means of computers.     借助计算机而实现自动化。
One who looks or behaves like an automaton.     木讷呆板的人长相和行为象机器人一样的人
There will be an exhibition of the development of automobile industry in our country next week.     下星期将举办一个关于我国汽车工业发展的展览。
example sentence not found
The separatist is demanding full autonomy for their state.     分裂主义者在要求他们的州完全自治。
I think autumn is the most beautiful season in a year.     我认为秋天是一年中最美的季节。
We have an auxiliary generator in case of power cuts.     我们有一台万一断电时使用的备用发电机。
Such a statement will not avail.     这样的声明没有什么用。
Pertaining to the availability of a resource for more than one user at the same time.     用于修饰或说明一种资源在同一时刻可供给多个用户使用的可用性。
The Prime Minister was not available for comment.     首相无暇作出评论。
What a precarious situation we were in when the avalanche started!     雪崩发生的时候我们的处境多么危险啊！
The avenues of the area were crowded with visitors.     这个地区的大街上挤满了参观的人群。
The average age of the boys in this class is fifteen.     本班男生的平均年龄是十五岁。
She averted her eyes from the terrible sight.     她转移目光不看那可怕的情景。
He devoted all his life to China's aviation.     他的一生都奉献给了中国的航空事业。
The boy avoided punishment by running away.     那个男孩逃跑来逃避惩罚。
example sentence not found
A warm welcome awaits you.     你将受到热烈的欢迎。
I awoke late this morning.     今天早晨我醒得很迟。
The award for this year's best actress went to Meryl Streep.     本年度最佳女演员的得奖者是梅里尔・斯特里普。
We are fully aware of the gravity of the situation.     我们十分清楚形势的严峻性。
I hope to get away early in the morning.     我希望一早就动身离开。
The children stared at the teacher with awe.     孩子很敬畏地凝视着老师。
It was awful to see him in such pain.     看到他这样痛苦真叫人难过。
It is awfully boring.     太叫人厌烦了。
At the formal party I felt very awkward and out of place.     在正式的舞会上，我感到局促不安，很不自在。
Five hundred jobs were axed as a result of government spending cuts.     由于政府缩减经费的缘故，有五百人被突然解雇了。
Five hundred jobs were axed as a result of government spending cuts.     由于政府缩减经费的缘故，有五百人被突然解雇了。
Does the earth rotate on an axis?     地球是绕轴旋转的吗？
The baby babbled for hours.     那婴孩呀呀学语了好几个小时。
Don't be such a baby.     别那么孩子气。
I have a bachelor degree.     我有学士学位。
John plays back in the team.     约翰在这个队打后卫。
These men are the backbone of the country.     这些人是国家的中坚力量。
The movable screen or drape in a theater or hall that separates the stage from the auditorium or that serves as a backdrop.     幕布在剧院或大厅内隔开舞台和观众或作为背景幕的可移动遮蔽物或帷幕
He stayed in the background to escape from the public attention.     他呆在幕后为了避开公众的注意。
example sentence not found
By most measures,1988 has been an excellent year for the Boeing Company. The giant aerospace concern has racked up record sales and has a huge backlog of orders.     用多半尺度衡量，1988年对波音公司来说都是极好的一年。这一规模庞大的航空公司不但在销售方面创下记录，并积压了大量订单。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He looked backward over his shoulder.     他回头向后看。
Things are going backwards.     凡事都在退步。
I saved my bacon by arriving just in time for the meeting.     我刚好及时到会，才算没受责备。
Many diseases are caused by bacteria.     许多疾病是由细菌引起的。
example sentence not found
Movement of an organism, especially a bacterium, toward or away from air or oxygen.     趋氧性有机体，特别是细菌移向或离开空气或氧气的运动
Smoking is bad for health.     吸烟对身体有害。
He was awarded a merit badge for his bravery in the battle.     他因为在战斗中的勇猛被授予一枚奖章。
He was wounded badly.     他伤得很厉害。
I like to play badminton in my spare time.     我喜欢在闲暇时打羽毛球。
The beautiful scenery baffles description.     这美丽的景色难以形容。
We had a good bag that day.     那天我们猎获甚多。
The baggage will be delivered to you at the station.     行李将在车站交给你。
The boat will sink unless we bail out.     我们要不把积水清除掉，船就要沉了。
Earth worms are often used as bait.     蚯蚓常用作鱼饵。
In some places, bricks are still baked in the sun.     有些地方仍使用在太阳下晒干砖块的方法。
The baker gave the little girl one more bread to please her.     面包师多给了小女孩一个面包来取悦她。
I must go to the bakery and pick up some rolls and cake.     我必须到面包店买些面包和蛋糕。
The girl lost her balance and fell off the balance beam.     小女孩失去了平衡，从平衡木上摔了下来。
A balcony is a platform with a wall.     阳台是有墙的平台。
He took off the hat and revealed his bald head.     他脱下帽子，露出秃头。
She rolled the socks into a ball.     她把袜子卷成一团。
She invited us to see the ballet.     她邀请我们去看芭蕾舞。
There are some color balloons.     那儿有些彩色的气球。
They like to go ballooning at weekends.     他们周末喜欢乘气球玩.
He was elected by ballot.     他是由无记名投票选举的。
New buildings sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.     新的建筑物如雨后春笋般大批出现。
The people ask for a ban-the-bomb.     人门要求禁止使用核武器。
The banana is her favorite fruit.     香蕉是她最喜欢的水果。
The children banded together to buy a present for their teacher.     孩子们合起来为他们的老师买了一件礼物。
The wound was bound up by bandage.     伤口用绷带包扎着。
People hate bandits greatly.     人们非常痛恨盗匪。
example sentence not found
The door shut with a bang.     门砰的一声关上了。
He was banished from the realm.     他被驱逐出境。
I bank with Bank of Communications.     我在交通银行存款。
He abhors this banker.     他厌恶这个银行家。
Banking faces much competition nowadays.     如今，银行业面临许多竞争。
I was bankrupt and unable to pay his debts.     我破产了，不能偿还他的债务。
The bank of bankruptcy is investigated by the court.     那家破产的银行正被法院调查。
The patriots fought under the banner of freedom.     爱国者在自由的旗帜下战斗。
We gave him a farewell banquet yesterday.     我们昨天为他举行了告别宴会。
After the bombing, the whole area was barred to the public.     轰炸后，整个地区禁止公众通行。
The sunshine bodes well for our barbecue.     明媚的阳光对我们的烤肉野餐是个吉兆。
I had my hair cut at the barber's yesterday.     我昨天在理发店里理了发。
The dog bared its teeth.     狗露出了牙齿。
The room was furnished barely.     这房间陈设简陋。
He made a satisfactory bargain with them.     他和他们做了一笔满意的交易。
Those trees have very beautiful white bark.     那些树长着非常漂亮的白色树皮。
The wind unroofed the barn.     风掀掉了谷仓的顶。
The barometer began to fall.     气压计的读数开始下降。
He bought a barrel of beer.     他买了一桶啤酒。
Nothing can grow in this barren land.     在这块不毛之地上什么也不能生长。
The soldiers stormed the barricades erected by the rioting crowd.     士兵们向暴乱分子设置的街垒发起了猛攻.
The horse took the barrier easily.     那匹马轻松地越过了障碍。
The prisoners tried to barter with the guards for their freedom.     囚犯们企图和看守做换取自由的交易。
example sentence not found
Many languages have Latin as their base.     许多语言都以拉丁语为基础。
Baseball is the national game of the USA.     棒球是美国全民喜爱的运动。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
In the basement water streams down the walls.     在地下室里，水顺着墙不断地流下来。
These requirements are absolutely basic to a good relationship.     这些条件是良好的关系必不可少的。
I'm basically a bit of a square.     我是比较古板的.
He washed his hands in a basin.     他在盆里洗了手。
On the basis of our sales forecasts, we may begin to make a profit next year.     基于我们销售情况的预测，我们明年将开始赚钱。
Several baskets of fruit were eaten at the party.     宴会上，大家吃掉了好几篮水果。
Do you like playing basketball?     你喜欢打篮球吗？
He has formed a new band with his brother on bass.     他组织了一个新乐队，由他弟弟弹低音吉他。
Bats fly at night and feed on insects.     蝙蝠在夜间飞行，以昆虫为食。
In batch or remote batch entry, a job or job step.     在批处理或远程批处理输入中的一个作业或作业步。
He takes a cold bath every day.     他每天洗一个冷水澡。
The nurses were bathing the babies.     护士正在给婴儿洗澡。
Every room in the hotel has a private bathroom.     旅馆中的每个房间都有一个单独浴室。
Someone is battering at the door.     有人在使劲敲门。
Most torches work on two batteries.     大多数电筒要用两节电池。
The two fighters battled for half an hour.     两个拳击手战斗了半小时。
example sentence not found
In the library, the books on history are all kept in one bay.     在图书馆里，历史方面的书都放在同一隔间里。
He has been there at least twice.     他至少去过那儿两次。
They walked along the beach talking and laughing.     他们说说笑笑，沿着海滩散步。
These beacons on the coast are to warn and guide ships.     这些海滩上的信号灯是用来提醒和指示船舶的。
The hat was decorated with colored beads.     那顶帽子上饰有彩色珠子。
She beamed at me.     她对我微笑。
I haven't a bean, so I can't pay you.     我一文不名，因此不能付钱给你。
She put some beans into water to germinate.     她把一些豆子放在水中让它们发芽。
He was born in May.     他是五月份出生的。
He bearded his boss and demanded an explanation.     他公然蔑视上司，并要求他作出解释。
I'm the bearer of the good news.     我是带来好消息的人。
Her dignified bearing throughout the trial made everyone believe she was innocent.     在整个审讯的过程中，她那端庄的举止使得每个人都相信她是无辜的。
example sentence not found
The lion is called the king of beasts.     狮子号称百兽之王。
His father beat the disobedient boy.     他的父亲打那个不听话的男孩。
example sentence not found
Looking at a beautiful painting always gives one satisfaction.     观赏一幅美丽的图画使人心满意足。
She is a beauty.     她是一个美人。
They hurried on because it was getting dark.     因为天色暗下来了，他们匆匆赶路。
This new dress becomes you.     这件新衣服很合你身。
Can you give me a bed for the night?     你能给我安置一个床铺过夜吗？
She decorated her bedroom with flowers.     她用鲜花装饰卧室。
He has a bee in his bonnet about health foods.     他对于保健食品有他自己的一套奇怪的看法。
Would you like some beef steaks?     想要些牛排吗？
The computer beeps regularly.     计算机发出有规律的哔哔声.
Do you have a beeper?     你有呼机吗？
I like drinking beer.     我喜欢喝啤酒。
Dice the beetroot (up) neatly.     将甜菜根切成整齐的小方块.
It will not befit a priest to act uncharitably.     牧师不以慈悲为怀是不合适的。
I have seen that film before.     那部电影我以前看过。
He arrived at the meeting place beforehand.     他提前到达会面地点。
I beg your pardon?     对不起,你说什么？(正式场合用语)
They were beggared by trying to pay for their son's education.     为付儿子的教育费用，他们变穷了。
When did you begin learning English?     你何时开始学习英语的？
Beginners will feel it difficult to do this job.     初学者做这件事会感到困难。
I missed the beginning of the film.     电影的开头部分我没有看到。
On behalf of my colleagues and myself I thank you.     我代表我的同事和我本人向你表示感谢。
How is your new car behaving?     你的新车性能如何？
Their behavior towards me shows that they do not like me.     他们对我的举止说明他们不喜欢我。
Such behaviour is beneath contempt.     这种行为令人不齿。
Don't look behind or you may fall.     别向后看，不然你会摔跤的。
She seems very plain but he dotes on her, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.     她看上去相貌平平，但他非常爱她，情人眼中出西施。
What is the purpose of our being?     我们生存的目的是什么？
Bel liked expensive things.     贝尔喜欢昂贵的东西。
Belgium has been called the cockpit of Europe.     比利时被称作欧洲战场。
He has lost his belief in God.     他已不相信上帝了。
We believe in his ability.     我们相信他的才干。
Can you hear the morning bell ringing?     你能听到晨钟响吗?
My belly is empty.     我肚子饿了。
That dictionary belongs to me.     那本字典是属于我的。
She is my beloved.     她是我的爱人。
His income is well below the average.     他的收入大大低于平均水平。
The police belted up and went out.     警察系上皮带，走了出去。
An old man sat on the park bench and fed the pigeon.     一位老人坐在公园的长凳上喂鸽子。
example sentence not found
The branches bent in the wind.     树枝被风吹弯了。
The ship sank beneath the waves.     轮船沉没于波涛下面。
It's a beneficial result to us.     对我们来说那是有利的结果。
example sentence not found
Are you entitled to unemployment benefit?     你有资格领取失业救济金吗？
My mother's character is very benign.     我母亲非常慈祥。
He has a bent for art.     他生性爱好艺术。
Tomorrow we'll go to pick berries.     明天我们去采浆果。
This ship is approved to berth here.     这艘船被允许停泊在这儿。
In the swamp we were beset by mosquitoes.     我们在沼泽地受到蚊子的围攻。
He lived in a town beside the sea.     他住在一个靠海的城镇.
The play was badly acted, besides being far too long.     这出戏除了太长之外, 演得也不好.
She's a career woman and a mother, so she has the best of both worlds.     她又当职业妇女，又当母亲，两全其美。
Let's make a bet on the next election.     我们就下次的选举打个赌吧。
Chairman Mao wroteIn Memory of Norman Bethune at the end of1939.     1939年底，毛主席写下了《纪念白求恩》一文。
He betrayed his country.     他背叛了他的国家。
Don't buy now you'd do better to wait for the sales.     现在先别买--最好等到大减价时再买.
What is the difference between this and that?     这和那之间的区别是什么？
What beverage would you like?     你想喝什么饮料？
Beware of what you do with this dangerous substance.     你处理这些危险品时，可要当心。
Big city traffic bewilders me.     大城市的交通使我晕头转向。
Big city traffic bewilders me.     大城市的交通使我晕头转向。
It's beyond me why he married her.     他怎么会娶了她，这我就不懂了。
He has a bias against Japanese products.     他讨厌日本的产品。
He reads the Bible everyday.     他每天读圣经。
Bibliography usually appears at the end of a book.     参考书目通常在书后列出。
example sentence not found
He is learning to ride a bicycle.     他正在学习骑自行车。
Have they put in a bid for the contract?     他们有没有投标争取承包合同？
Bidder shall have the right to refuse to grant such an extension of validity of bid without forfeit their bid bond.     投标人有权拒绝延长投标有效期限并不会因此而失掉其投标保证金。
Don't cry, you are a big boy now.     别哭，你现在已经是大男孩了。
I have a red bike.     我有一辆红色的自行车。
Having or marked by bilateral symmetry.     左右对称的以或表现为左右对称的
example sentence not found
He is bilingual (in French and Spanish).     他操（法语和西班牙语）两种语言.
I have a 5-dollar bill.     我有一张5美元的钞票。
He took his girlfriend home after the party and they stayed in the car billing and cooing for a long time before she went into her house.     聚会结束后他送他的女朋友回家，他俩在车上亲昵低语了很久后她才下车进屋。
It took them more than one billion dollars to complete the project.     完成这个工程花费了他们十亿多美元。
I bought a bread bin for my family.     我给家里买了一个面包箱。
Do all computers use binary system?     所有的计算机都使用二进制吗？
example sentence not found
I am bound by my promise.     我必须遵守自己的诺言。
Short for binder utility, an operating-system program that performs binding.     联编实用程序的简称，是一种能够实现联接和编辑的操作系统级的程序。参阅link－editor。
The agreement is binding on both parties.     协议对双方具有约束力。
A substance, especially an enzyme, that initiates or modifies the rate of a chemical reaction in a living body; a biochemical catalyst.     生物催化剂能在活的体内产生化学反应或改变生物体内化学反应速度的物质，尤指酶；生物化学催化剂
Her research is breaking new ground in biochemistry.     她的研究正在开辟生物化学的新开地。
He likes to read biographies of great men to promote himself.     他喜欢读伟人传记来提高自己。
The school has a large biological laboratory.     这所学校有一个很大的生物实验室。
We have a biology lesson tomorrow.     明天我们有堂生物学课。
example sentence not found
A biotechnology company is developing a range of new pesticide based on naturally occur toxin.     一家生物工艺开发公司正在根据自然滋生毒素的原理研制新型农药系列产品。
example sentence not found
The early bird catches the worm.     早起的鸟儿有虫吃。（捷足先登。）
She gave birth to a fine healthy baby.     她生了一个健康漂亮的婴儿。
Happy birthday to you!     祝你生日快乐！
He had some biscuits before the dinner.     晚饭前，他吃了一些饼干。
This priest wants to become a bishop.     这位牧师想成为主教。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He read all the interesting bit in the newspaper.     他把报纸上点点滴滴有趣的新闻都读了。
The little cat gave me a playful bite.     小猫顽皮地轻轻咬了我一下。
example sentence not found
The defeat was a bitter pill to swallow.     那次失败是一次难以吞咽的苦果。
The drug is wanted bitterly.     这药有人急着要用。
Like or containing bitumen.     沥青的，含沥青的
A style of painting, sculpture, and ornamentation in which natural forms and monstrous figures are intertwined in bizarre or fanciful combinations.     奇异风格，形状怪诞的图案一种自然的形式和奇异的图形以一种奇异或古怪的方式结合在一起的绘画雕塑和装饰风格
After her husband died, she dressed in deep black for the rest of her life.     她丈夫去世后，她终生都穿着黑色丧服。
The teacher wrote down the new words on the blackboard.     老师在黑板上写出新单词。
She was sent to prison for blackmail.     因犯敲诈勒索罪她被送进监牢。
The blade needs sharpening.     这刀刃需要磨一磨。
We were ready to take the blame for what had happened.     我们准备对所发生的事承担责任。
His memory was completely blank on the subject.     关于这个题目，他已完全丧失记忆。
The traveler wrapped himself with a blanket.     旅行者用毯子把自己裹上。
The music was blanking out.     音乐声渐渐消失了。
Frost blasted the blossoms.     霜使花凋谢了。
They fled from the blazing house.     他们从燃烧的房子里逃了出来。
There were only a few dry bones left, bleached by the sun.     只留下一些被太阳晒得泛白的枯骨。
The weather in early December was bleak and unpleasant.     十二月初的天气又阴冷又难受。
All the young soldiers are ready to bleed for the country.     所有的年轻战士都愿意为祖国洒热血。
The poem blends the separate ingredients into a unity.     这首诗把几个分开的部分融合为一体。
The priest blessed the ship before it left port.     牧师在船离港之前为其祝福。
The priest blessed the ship before it left port.     牧师在船离港之前为其祝福。
The government has given its blessing to the new plan.     政府已经批准了这项计划。
The soldier was blinded in battle.     那个士兵在战斗中双目失明。
A person regarded as being foolishly or blindly optimistic.     过分乐观者，盲目乐观者被视为愚蠢地或盲目地乐观的人
I felt sorry for his blindness.     我对他的失明深表难过。
How long can you stare without blinking your eyes?     你能瞪着看多长时间不眨眼?
Harbour lights were blinking on the horizon.     海港的灯火在水平线上闪烁著.
example sentence not found
A group of parties, factions, or nations united in a common cause; a bloc.     政治联盟一些政党、派别或民族为共同事业而组成的联盟；跨党派议员集团
The road was blocked by a huge rock.     道路被一块大石头堵住了。
The new car has many added refinements such as air-conditioning and anti- blocking brakes.     这辆新车有许多精巧的附加装置，如空调和防抱死装置。
The lovely boy has beautiful blonde curls.     这个可爱的小男孩长着漂亮的金黄色卷发。
Jeremy's just being blooded, so we don't expect him to be very good at the game.     哲瑞米是初出茅庐，所以我们并不指望他在这次比赛中表现得很好。
A condition marked by an abnormal increase in the number of lymphocytes in the bloodstream, usually resulting from infection or inflammation.     淋巴结胞增多症一种以血液内淋巴细胞异常增多为特征的症状，一般是感染或发炎导致的
Hundreds of soldiers died in this bloody battle.     成百上千的战士在这场血战中牺牲。
The roses are in full bloom.     玫瑰花盛开了。
The apple trees are blossoming.     苹果树正在开花。
His apron was blotted with oil.     他的围裙上满是油点。
She wears a white blouse today.     今天她穿了一件白色衬衫。
It was a great blow to her when her mother died.     她母亲去世对她是个沉重的打击。
example sentence not found
She wore a dark blue coat.     她穿着一件深蓝色的上衣。
He hunted through the files till he found the blueprint.     他把档案翻了一遍，最后才找到图纸。
I've made an awful blunder.     我做了一件大错特错的事。
He cut the meat with a blunt knife.     他用一把钝刀子切肉。
A blur on a developed photographic image.     模糊不清洗好的照片图象上的模糊处
example sentence not found
She blushed when he scolded her.     他责备她时，她脸红了。
I'm boarding with a friend.     我在一友人处寄膳宿。
A thin, firm board made of sheets of paper pasted together or pressed paper pulp.     纸板由几层纸糊在一起或由压制的纸浆做成的薄而牢固的板子
Don't believe him; he is just boasting.     别相信他，他只是在吹嘘罢了。
Are you going to America by boat or by plane?     你到美国是坐船还是坐飞机？
The oceans are large bodies of water.     海洋是广大的水域。
I am boiling the milk.     我正在煮牛奶。
I happened to meet him in the boiler room.     我碰巧在锅炉房碰到他。
May I be so bold as to ask how old you are?     可否冒昧问一下您多大年纪？
example sentence not found
The frightened boy bolted all the doors and windows.     这个吓坏了的孩子闩上了所有的门窗。
At that time, China did not yet have the bomb.     那时，中国还未拥有核武器。
Reporters bombarded the President with questions about his economic policy.     新闻记者提出许多有关经济政策的问题围攻总统.
The Air Commodore briefed the bomber crew on their dangerous mission.     空军准将向轰炸机机组下达执行危险任务的各项指示。
IBM dropped yet another bombshell on Wall Street yesterday, warning analysts to expect at least an80% slide in second-quarter earnings.     国际商业机器有限公司昨天又在华尔街宣布了一项骇人听闻的消息，警告分析家说他们可以预期第二季度盈利至少下降百分之八十。
Common tastes form a bond between the two men.     共同的爱好使两人结交为朋友。
A structural material made of wood fragments, such as chips or shavings, that are mechanically pressed into sheet form and bonded together with resin.     碎料板由碎木，如木屑或创花制成的一种结构材料，用合成树脂粘合在一起并用机器压成板状
He broke a bone in his leg.     他摔断了一根腿骨。
She's very dissatisfied at not getting a bonus.     她因未能获得奖金而深感不满。
That student lost his book yesterday.     那个学生昨天丢了书。
There are many books on the bookcase.     书架上有很多书。
The order for ceramic tiles has been booked in.     要买瓷砖的订货已登记下来了。
The company has a block booking for twenty seats on the plane or for ten rooms at the hotel.     公司在同一时间内预订了20个飞机座位或10个旅馆房间。
Eric earned his bread and butter as a bookkeeper, but added a little jam by working with a dance band on weekends.     埃里克以当簿记员来维持生计，且利用周末当舞会伴奏赚些外快。
Another time he was seen using a check for$1500 as a bookmark. Then he lost the book!     另一次，有人看见他把一张一竿千五百美元的支票当作书签用。后来那本书丢了！
He wrote more than30 books and must have earned a bomb.     他写了30多本书，一定挣了一大笔钱。
Perhaps you might chance on the dictionary at some old bookstall.     或许你会碰巧在旧书摊上买到这本辞典。
I spent hours browsing in the bookstore.     我花了几个小时在书店里浏览图书。
A gate that performs the Boolean operation of implication.     执行“蕴含”布尔操作的一种（逻辑）门电路。
It's a boom year this year.     今年是繁荣昌盛的一年。
The act or an instance of assisting; a boost.     帮助协助的行为或实例；支援
I help him to lace up his boots.     我帮他系好靴子的鞋带。
example sentence not found
There is a telephone booth near the cinema.     电影院附近有一个电话亭。
I am60 now and I think it's time to hang up my boots and turn my attention to my garden.     我今年60岁，我想是退休的时候了，该把注意力转向种植花草了。
Conservatives would defy our efforts at bootstrap improvements.     保守派会蔑视我们从根本上变革的努力。
I lost a white handkerchief with a blue border.     我丢了一块带蓝色花边的白手绢。
She has become an awful bore since she got married to him.     她自从和他结婚后，就变得令人厌烦透了。
He is a bored student.     他是一位感到厌烦的学生。
It is boring to listen to the same story.     听相同的故事是令人厌烦的。
The baby was born on 8 o'clock.     婴儿在8点钟出生。
May I borrow your pen?     我可以借用你的钢笔吗？
Your proposal will necessitate borrowing more money.     依你的建议就必须增加借款。
The girl was fortunate enough to have her mother as a bosom friend.     这个女孩非常幸运，她的妈妈是她的知心朋友。
He was dismissed by his boss.     他被他的老板开除了。
I'm flying to Boston on the shuttle.     我将乘穿梭班机去波士顿.
He is both a soldier and a poet.     他既是个战士，又是个诗人。
Don't bother yourself about me; I am doing quite well.     别为我操心，我一切都好。
An obtuse, boring, or bothersome person; a pest.     讨厌的人愚钝的、无聊的或讨厌的人；害人精
They drank a whole bottle!     他们喝了一整瓶酒！
example sentence not found
They sent the enemy ship to the bottom of the sea.     他们把敌舰击沉。
The bough was loaded with fruit.     树枝上果实累累。
I bounced the baby on my knee.     我把婴儿放在膝上上下颠着。
It's bound to rain soon.     过一会儿肯定会下雨。
They marked the boundaries of the football fields.     他们画出了足球场地的边界。
The exceeding of due bounds or limits.     越界超过正当的界限或限制
He was awarded a cash bounty by his boss.     他的上司奖给他一笔现金。
In his speech there were bouquets for everyone who had helped him.     在他的演讲里，他赞美了每一位帮助他的人。
Chic clothes; a chic boutique.     时髦的服装；一件雅致的饰物
He moved aside for her with a polite bow.     他礼貌地鞠躬，退避一旁让她过去。
What is it like in the bowels of the earth?     地球内部是什么样子？
There is a fruit bowl on the table.     桌上有个水果盘。
An opening made to fit a thumb, as in a bowling ball.     拇指孔（保龄球）上供拇指插入的孔
She gave him a box on his ears.     她打了他一耳光。
He was done out of the right of boxing.     他被取消了拳击比赛资格。
That boy is about ten years old.     那个男孩大约有十岁。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The struts are firmly braced.     那些支柱上得很牢固。
example sentence not found
Put your name in brackets at the top of each page.     把你的名字填写在每页上端的括号内。
The worker fixed a bracket on the wall.     工人在墙上固定了一个支架。
Put your name in brackets at the top of each page.     把你的名字填写在每页上端的括号内。
She has a good brain.     她很有头脑。
I do some brainstorm.     我开动脑筋。
The driver braked his car suddenly.     司机突然煞车。
Mr. Smith works in an executive branch of the government.     史密斯先生在政府的行政部门工作。
She has lopped branches off yesterday.     她昨天已把树枝修剪过了。
The connection of separate parts of a branching system to form a network, as of leaf veins, blood vessels, or a river and its branches.     并接，联结分支系统的不同部分结合后形成一个网络，如叶脉，血管，或河流及其支流
He has his own brand of humor.     他有他独特的幽默感。
The two are fine brandies.     那是两种优质白兰地。
example sentence not found
How do you have the brass to say that?     你怎么有脸那么说呢？
Let us remember the brave who died for the peace of the world.     让我们永远怀念为世界和平献身的勇士们。
His bravery was seen by everyone when he saved the child from the burning house.     他从失火的房子里救出小孩时的那种勇敢，是人人都见到的。
Your action is a breach of our agreement.     你的行动违反了我们的协议。
He earned his bread by writing novels.     他靠写小说维生。
She is a woman of great breadth of mind.     她是一个胸怀非常广阔的女子。
There is a break during the performance for the audience to take a rest.     演出中有一次中场休息，让听众们稍事休息。
Unless he stops driving himself like this he'll have a breakdown.     他要是总这样拚命干下去是吃不消的.
Would you like breakfast now?     你想要现在吃早餐吗？
example sentence not found
The scientists strive for a breakthrough in cancer research.     科学家们力争在癌症研究方面有个突破。
His guilty conscience forced him to make a clean breast of everything.     他的内疚使得他把一切和盘托出。
I was out of breath after running for the bus.     我因为追赶公共汽车，弄得上气不接下气。
His enthusiasm breathed new life into the company.     他的热情给公司注入了新的生命。
I had bred a dozen of chickens.     我饲养了12只小鸡。
She breezed along, smiling at everyone.     她轻盈地向前走去，对每个人都嫣然含笑。
example sentence not found
They are brewing a plot behind the scenes.     他们正在幕后策划一个阴谋。
The businessman offers bribes to him.     这个商人向他行贿。
His new house was built by himself, brick by brick.     他的新房子是他自己一块砖一块砖砌起来的。
The bride wore a beautiful white dress.     新娘穿了一身美丽的白色礼服。
Her bridegroom is a handsome young man.     她的新郎是一个英俊的年轻人。
They use a bridge to measure the impedance of the transducer.     他们用电桥来测量传感器的阻抗。
This city is noted for its various bridges.     这个城市因为各种桥梁而著称。
example sentence not found
Please be brief because I am in a hurry.     我有急事，请长话短说。
They knocked him down and robbed him of his briefcase.     他们把他打倒在地，抢走了他的公文包。
He was briefly associated with that organization.     他同那个组织有过短时间的联系。
He is not bright, but he always works hard.     他并不聪明，但工作总是勤勤恳恳。
These flowers will brighten up your garden.     这些花会使你的花园增色。
The light hurt my eyes with its brightness.     明亮的灯光刺痛了我的眼睛。
Stars are brilliant in the clear night sky.     星星在晴朗的夜空闪亮。
Shining brilliantly; very bright.     光亮的灿烂地闪耀的；非常明亮的
He filled the cup to the brim.     他倒了满满一杯。
The soldier's brave deeds brought him honor and glory.     士兵的勇敢事迹为他带来了荣耀和赞美。
There are many flowers on the brink of the pond.     池塘边有许多花。
He brisked up his pace at the beautiful sight.     看到那美丽的景色，他加快了脚步。
Britain is a brief name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.     不列颠是大不列颠及北爱尔兰联合王国的简称。
He speaks British English.     他说英国英语。
Constant stress has made our nerves brittle.     我们长期处于紧张状态，神经已经吃不消了。
He is broad-minded.     他是一个心胸宽阔的人。
example sentence not found
The BBC broadcasts all over the world.     英国广播公司向全世界播送节目。
The travel brochure lured me into taking a Caribbean vacation.     这本旅游小册子诱使我去加勒比地区度假。
The child broke the window, but it was his parents' fault for letting him play football indoors.     孩子把窗户打破了, 但是让他在屋里踢足球是他父母的过错.
His broken English showed he was a foreigner.     他的蹩脚的英语说明他是一个外国人。
The broker buys and sells shares for others.     经纪人替他人买卖股票。
A brokerage house.     经纪人事务所
example sentence not found
My brother has chronic bronchitis.     我的哥哥患有慢性支气管炎。
example sentence not found
There is a bronze ornament on the wall.     墙上有一件青铜饰品。
It's no use brooding over one's past mistakes.     老是抱着过去的错误是没用的。
We crossed that brook easily.     我们很容易地跨过了小河。
He stopped sweeping and rested on the broom.     他停止扫地，倚着扫帚休息。
John and Peter are brothers.     约翰和彼得是兄弟。
His brows went up in surprise.     他惊讶地竖起了眉毛。
She likes to wear brown.     她喜欢穿褐色的衣服。
example sentence not found
I had a browse through the books on the shelf.     我浏览了一遍书架上的书。
example sentence not found
She fell and bruised her knee.     她摔倒在地，膝盖上起了紫血块。
I'll give my coat a good brush.     我要把我的衣服好好刷一下。
Many a rich businessman reached the top by trampling on others in the most brutal way.     许多富商靠极其残酷地践踏别人而爬了上去。
The gas bubbled to the surface of the water.     气体变成气泡升上水面。
He is always bucking about his experience.     他总是自吹自擂他的经历。
How many buckets of water will we need to fill this small pond?     装满这个小池塘需要多少桶水？
They chatted idly for a few moments, then each buckled down to work.     他们闲聊了一会儿；然后各人集中精神干活。
The roses are in bud.     玫瑰花正含苞待放。
A representation or likeness of Buddha.     佛像佛的象征或替代物
One of the major schools of Buddhism, active in Japan, Korea, Nepal, Mongolia, and China, which teaches social concern and universal salvation.     大乘佛教佛教的主要流派之一，流传于日本、朝鲜、尼泊尔、蒙古和中国，教导人们关心社会和普渡众生。
A family on a budget can't afford meat every day.     经济拮据的家庭不能每天享用肉食。
There were lots of buffaloes in the North America 100 years ago.     100年前，北美有大量的野牛。
His sense of humour was a useful buffer when things were going badly for him.     他有幽默感, 这使他在逆境中聊以自慰.
A protective pier or dock apron used as a buffer against floating ice.     桥墩护槛保护桥椁免受浮冰碰撞的护栏或码头围栏
We had a buffet supper last evening.     昨天晚上，我们吃了一次自助晚餐。
The police tested the room for bugs.     警察检查房间里是否放有窃听器。
That house is built of bricks.     那座房子是砖造的。
He is the builder of the great empire.     他是大帝国的创立者。
Houses and churches are buildings.     房子和教堂是建筑物。
Onions and lilies grow from bulbs.     洋葱和百合是从球茎中长出的。
My pockets were bulging with apples.     我的口袋因装着苹果而鼓起来了。
The cake bulked up.     蛋糕发起来了。
He likes to throw the bull.     他喜欢吹牛。
He was hurt by a bullet.     他被子弹伤着了。
He posted a bulletin on the board.     他在布告板上贴了一张公告。
A sergeant went from door to door requisitioning bullets for the men.     一名中士挨家挨户地给战士们征集弹药。
Freight market continue bullish no chance to get same rate presently.     海运市场持续看涨，目前无法获得相同的运费率。
The manager tried to bully his men into working harder by threatening them with dismissal.     经理企图以解雇来威胁，迫使职工更卖力气。
He fell down with a bump.     他噗通一声倒了下去。
A bumper is a part of a motor vehicle.     保险杆是机动车辆的一部分。
I received a bunch of flowers this morning.     今天早晨我收到一束花。
He sold a bundle of old magazines to the second hand bookstore.     他把一捆就杂志卖给了旧书店。
A bungalow does not have an upstairs.     平房没有上层.
Fully clothed, he fell across his bunk and was instantly asleep.     他衣服也不脱往床铺上横着一躺，很快就睡着了。
Salt water is more buoyant than fresh water.     盐水比淡水浮力大。
Don't burden yourself with unnecessary problems.     勿为不必要的问题所累。
He worked in a travel bureau.     他在一家旅行社工作。
It was hard to understand all the minute gradations of their bureaucracy.     很难弄清楚他们那套官僚体制全部细微的层次分别。
example sentence not found
The burglar got into the house through the bedroom window.     窃贼是从卧室的窗户潜入这所房子的。
The burial was done early in the morning without a ceremony.     安葬是在大清早进行的，没有举行葬礼。
She is burning to tell you the news.     她急于要告诉你这消息。
She burrowed her head into my shoulder.     她把头紧靠在我的肩膀上。
The square is bursting with tourists.     广场上到处都是游客。
Both his grandparents were buried here.     他的祖父母都葬在这里。
I got up late this morning and missed the bus.     今天早晨我起床晚了，错过了公共汽车。
There were so many people that the company put on extra buses.     人数太多，公司加开了公共汽车。
There is a rose bush in front of the office.     办公室前有一丛玫瑰。
They've done some business together.     他们一起做过生意。
Many a rich businessman reached the top by trampling on others in the most brutal way.     许多富商靠极其残酷地践踏别人而爬了上去。
He and his wife busted up a year ago.     他和他的妻子一年前分居了。
It seems that he enjoys the hustle and bustle of life in the big city.     看起来他似乎很喜欢大城市的热闹繁忙的生活。
I'm sorry, sir, the telephone line is busy.     对不起，先生，电话占线。
Do as I tell you, no but about it.     照我说的去做，不得反对。
They butchered the war prisoners.     他们残杀战俘。
He spread butter on his bread.     他在面包上涂黄油。
I don't like this young woman; she seems a social butterfly.     我不喜欢这个年轻女子，她象个交际花。
One of the buttons has come off my coat.     我上衣上的一颗扣子掉了。
Money can't buy happiness.     金钱买不来幸福。
He is a buyer of our products.     他是我们产品的买主。
He buzzed for his secretary to come.     他按蜂鸣器叫秘书进来。
The moving part of an electromagnetic device such as a relay, buzzer, or loudspeaker.     电枢电磁装置的移动部分，如继电器，蜂音器或扬声器
He hurried by and disappeared in the wood.     他匆匆走过去，消失在森林里。
Bye for now!     那就再见了！
We managed to bypass the shopping centre by taking side-streets.     我们尽量走小路以绕过购物中心区.
example sentence not found
Alternative spelling of byte.     字节byte的另一种拼法。
Shall we walk or take a cab?     我们走路还是坐出租车？
I like to cook dishes with cabbage.     我喜欢用洋白菜做菜。
The hunter hid in a log cabin.     猎人藏在小木屋里。
The question was discussed in cabinet.     在内阁会议上讨论了这个问题。
She cabled the good news about her arrival in Chicago.     她打电报说她已顺利到达芝加哥。
example sentence not found
A hidden fund or supply stored for future use; a cache.     积聚，囤积为备将来使用而藏起来的钱或物；密窖，贮藏处
He's no gentleman, he's a cad.     他可不是正经人, 他是个无赖.
example sentence not found
A cadre must reach out to and be one with the masses.     一个干部必须联系群众，同群众打成一片。
We had our lunch in a cafe and hurried back to the car.     我们在一家小餐馆里吃了午饭，就又匆匆回到车上。
A noisy cafeteria.     嘈杂的自助餐厅
The old man wants to buy a cage for birds.     老人想买一个鸟笼。
example sentence not found
The newly published American novel sold like hot cakes.     那部新出版的美国小说是市场上的畅销货。
example sentence not found
More than 50 people were killed in this calamity.     这次灾难中有五十多人丧生。
We need some calcium everyday.     我们每天需要些钙。
The new regulations are deliberately calculated to make cheating impossible.     新的法规旨在杜绝诈骗行为。
After much calculation, they offered him the job.     经过慎重考虑，他们把这项工作交给他了。
Who's swiped my calculator?     谁把我的计算器偷走了?
He put the desk calendar on the shelf.     他把台历放在书架上。
The cow cast her calf.     母牛流产了。
example sentence not found
His behavior called forth sharp criticism.     他的行为招致尖锐的批评。
The computerized phone has a callback facility.     计算机化的电话有回叫装置。
The priest is a regular caller.     这位神父经常来访。
By calling, he is a hunter.     他的职业是猎人。
A callous indifference to the suffering of others.     对他人之痛苦漠不关心的铁石心肠的人
It was a beautiful morning, calm and serene.     那是一个宁静、明媚的早晨。
How many calories can an ounce of sugar supply?     一盎司糖可以供给多少卡热量？
How many calories can an ounce of sugar supply?     一盎司糖可以供给多少卡热量？
A rod moved by a cam to operate the valves in an internal-combustion engine.     阀门挺杆通过凸轮转动的杆，用来操纵内燃机的阀门
example sentence not found
The merchant decided to use camels to carry his goods across the desert.     商人决定用骆驼载运货物穿过沙漠。
We have a video camera.     我们有一架摄像机。
The boys have decided to go camping next week.     男孩子们已决定下个星期去露营。
Joan is campaigning for equal rights for women.     琼在从事争取妇女平等权力的活动。
The new library was built in the centre of the campus.     新图书馆建在校园的中心。
The fish is canned in the factory.     鱼在这家厂里装成罐头。
People from many countries immigrated to the United States and Canada.     许多国家的人移居到美国和加拿大。
Her mother is a Canadian.     她母亲是加拿大人。
Many oceangoing ships are sailing on the canal.     许多远洋船只在这条运河上航行。
He cancelled his order.     他撤消了定货单。
He's got a cancer in his liver.     他得了肝癌。
There are three candidates for the vacancy.     这一空缺有三名候选人。
If you go on burning the candle at both ends, you will be ill.     你如果再这样起早贪黑地干活，你会病倒的。
The baby was given a piece of candy.     这孩子拿到了一块糖。
The man was so weak that he had to walk with a cane.     那人太虚弱了，不得不拄着拐杖走路。
The destroyer's armament consist of several small cannon, two torpedo tube and a number of anti-craft gun.     驱逐舰上的武器装备包括几门小口径大炮，两个鱼雷发射管与数门高射炮。
We crossed the lake in a canoe.     我们乘独木舟过河。
The canteen is more than usually busy today.     今天食堂比往常忙得多.
The artist showed me his canvases.     画家给我看了他的油画。
example sentence not found
Who is the boy in the official school cap?     那个戴校帽的男孩是谁？
The act or capability of attracting.     吸引力，魅力吸引的行为或能力
He is a very capable doctor.     他是一个很高明的医生。
example sentence not found
Some of the students are welding capacitor; the others resistor.     学生中的一些人在焊接电容，另一些人在焊接电阻。
The lift has a capacity of 15 persons.     这部电梯的载容量为15 人。
The man has a red cape.     这人有一件红色的斗篷。
The capillaries can be found everywhere in our body.     毛细血管遍布我们的全身。
Beijing is the capital of China.     北京是中国的首都。
He was always preaching the virtues of capitalism.     他总是宣传资本主义的长处。
She capitalized on her opponent's mistake and won the game.     她利用了她对手的失误赢得了比赛。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The capsule is filled with small soluble cases.     胶囊里充满了可溶的小颗粒。
A captain commands a company or battery.     一个上尉指挥一个连队或炮兵连。
The title or caption of a newspaper article, usually set in large type.     大字标题通常用大号铅字排印的新闻报道的标题或题目
She was held captive for almost a month.     她被监禁了将近一个月。
The novel captured the imagination of thousands of readers.     这部小说引起了千万读者的想象。
The car drew up alongside the road.     小汽车在路边停下来。
The gipsy traveled in caravans.     吉普赛人坐着大篷车旅行。
Carbohydrates provide our bodies with heat and energy.     碳水化合物给我们的身体提供热量和能量。
The stick of carbon is often used in an electric arc lamp.     碳精棒常用于电弧灯。
example sentence not found
I have received eleven Christmas cards by now.     到现在为止，我已经收到了十一张圣诞卡片。
A patient whose heart has stopped beating, as in cardiac arrest.     心脏已停止跳动的病人心脏已停止跳动的病人，如患心脏病
The cardinal idea of the Labor Party's political thought is that all people should be equal.     工党政治思想的要点是人人平等。
example sentence not found
Would you care for a drink?     你要不要来点儿喝的？
His early career was not a great success.     他早期的生涯并不很成功。
He is extremely careful about his appearance.     他十分讲究外表。
She drives carefully up the rocky lane.     她驾车小心地从这条很多石头的小路上驶过去。
He is careless about his appearance.     他不讲究外表。
An awkward driver carelessly ran into and damaged a family car on a highway.     有个蹩脚的司机在公路上粗心大意地撞毁了一辆家用汽车。
The lonely child is longing for the caress of his mother.     这个孤独的孩子渴望母亲的爱抚。
example sentence not found
The ship is discharging the cargo.     船正在卸货。
example sentence not found
His father is a carpenter.     他父亲是一位木匠。
My plan will be on the carpet at today's meeting.     今天的会议将审议我的计划。
Her carriage was the most beautiful one in the yard.     她的马车是院子里最漂亮的。
He used to be a mail carrier.     他曾是个邮递员。
The dish of boiled beef and carrot tastes good.     那道清炖牛肉胡萝卜的菜味道不错。
This radio station does not carry any advertising.     这家广播电台不播送任何广告。
The horse pulled a cart loaded with potatoes.     马拉着一辆装满土豆的板车。
He snipped off the corner of the milk carton.     他剪掉牛奶袋的边角。
The cartoon ended with collapse of stout party.     卡通以一个自以为是的人斗败后目瞪口呆作为结束。
A heavy paper cartridge case.     弹药箱一种沉重的纸板弹药箱
He carved me some very nice pieces of chicken.     他为我切了几块很好的鸡肉。
The water formed a cascade down the mountain.     水沿山泻下，形成一条瀑布。
She thought she was hurt but it wasn't the case.     她认为她受伤了，但事实上并非如此。
I have no ready cash on me, can I pay you tomorrow?     我身上没带现钱，明天付你行吗？
The cashier died in harness.     出纳员以身殉职。
He bought a new cassette recorder.     他买了一台新的盒式录音机。
The old man cast off his prodigal son and disinherited him.     老人断绝了与他的不肖儿子的关系，并剥夺了他的继承权。
The prince lived in a large and beautiful castle.     王子住在一个美丽的大城堡里。
She is casual about winning the prize.     她对获奖漫不经心。
Heavy casualties were reported (ie It was reported that many people had been killed) in the fighting.     据报战斗中伤亡惨重（很多人被杀）.
A cat mews.     猫喵喵叫。
example sentence not found
You can look for the book in the library catalog.     你可以在图书馆的图书目录上查找这本书。
You can look for the book in the library catalogue.     你可以在图书馆的图书目录上查找这本书。
The offer of a new job provided just the catalyst she needed.     这份新工作正是她所需要转变的契机。
He has developed a cataract.     他患上了白内障。
The earthquake was a terrible catastrophe.     这次地震是个可怕的灾难。
That's a nice catch.     那球接得好。
The children are catching herrings.     那群孩子正在捕捉青鱼。
A category, especially an overly restrictive one.     分类，类别分类，尤指受过度限制分类
example sentence not found
Our politicians should learn to cater for the man in the street.     我们的政治家要学会投合广大普通群众的需要。
This cathedral was regarded as a miracle in architectural history.     这座大教堂被认为是建筑史上的奇迹。
The atom bomb is of catholic concern.     原子弹受到普遍的关注。
example sentence not found
Those poor soldiers died like cattle, without a struggle.     那些可怜的士兵未经抵抗，就象畜生一般死了。
example sentence not found
Don't complain without good cause.     没有充分的理由就不要抱怨。
A caustic verbal attack.     讽刺刻薄的口头上的攻击
He told us to proceed with caution.     他要我们谨慎行事。
He is cautious in his choice of words.     他措辞很谨慎。
The roof of the old house caved in.     那栋旧房子的屋顶塌下了。
I have a toothache because there is a cavity in one of my teeth.     我牙疼，因为我的一颗牙齿上有个洞。
As suddenly as it began, the rain ceased.     雨突然而来，骤然而止。
example sentence not found
My bedroom is a large room with a high ceiling.     我的卧室是一个天花板很高的大房间。
example sentence not found
He read us a sonnet that celebrates love.     他给我们读了一首歌颂爱情的十四行诗。
I suppose we shall be having some sort of celebration for the bride.     我想我们还是来为新娘庆贺一番吧。
The infatuated fan stalked the celebrity.     那位着了迷的崇拜者追踪这位名人。
I have to buy a new dry cell.     我必须买一节新的干电池了。
The plumber went down to the cellar to fix the leaky pipe.     管道工到地下室去修漏水的管子。
The classification of organisms based on cellular structure and function, especially on the structure and number of chromosomes.     细胞分类学在细胞结构和功能基础上的，特别是在染色体的结构和数量上的微生物的分类
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit (32 F) or zero/ nought degrees Celsius (0 C).     水结成冰的温度是32华氏度（32　）或零摄氏度（0℃）.
The floor has been cemented over.     地板上铺了一层水泥。
He was buried in this cemetery.     他被安葬在这个公墓里。
The censor insisted on excising the passage from the film.     电影审查员坚持剪去影片的这一段.
The census is taken one time every four years in our country.     我国每四年一次人口普查。
I don't have a cent with me.     我身上一分钱也没有。
The club will celebrate its centenary next year.     该俱乐部明年要庆祝一百周年纪念.
The topic centers on the crisis in these two countries.     话题以那两个国家的危机为中心。
The capital and largest city of North Korea, in the southwest-central part of the country. It was an important cultural center and became capital of North Korea in1948. Population, 1,283,000.     平壤朝鲜的首都和最大城市，位于该国的中部偏西南，它是一个重要的文化中心并于1948年成为朝鲜的首都。人口1，283，000
The radio says a cold front is coming, with strong winds from the northwest. The highest temperature during the day will be two degrees centigrade.     收音机说有一个寒潮要来了。它会从西北带来一阵强风。白天最高气温将只有零上二度。
He is 5 centimeters taller than her.     他比她高5公分。
Such values are central to our way of life.     这些价值对于我们的生活方式是至关重要的。
Public interest centres on the outcome of next week's by-election.     公众的注意力集中在下周的补选结果上。
This book was written centuries ago.     这本书是几百年前写的。
These ceramic tiles are the ultimate in modern kitchen design.     这种瓷砖是现代厨房装修中的极品.
Cereal products are good for our health.     谷物产品对我们的身体有益。
He had a cerebral palsy.     他得了脑瘫。
example sentence not found
The queen was crowned with proper ceremony.     女王以传统仪式举行了加冕礼。
It's certain that every effect must have a cause.     无疑，每个结果必定有其原因。
He will certainly come.     他一定会来的。
I can't say with any certainty where I shall be next week.     我说不准下星期在什么地方。
The driver's certificate was suspended by the police.     这个司机的驾驶执照被警察吊销了。
Judicial certification of the validity of a will.     遗嘱检验文件遗嘱有效的法律证明文件
I certify that he has received your money.     我证明他已经收到了你的钱。
example sentence not found
I bought this loaf of bread in the chain store opposite the street.     我在街道对面的连锁商店里买了这只面包。
He is chained to his work.     他工作忙得不能分身。
The old chair gave a groan when the fat man sat down on it.     那个胖子坐下时，旧椅子发出嘎吱的响声。
He was elected chairman of the meeting.     他被选为会议主席。
The teacher wrote on the blackboard with a piece of chalk.     老师用一支粉笔在黑板上写字。
Nowadays no one will challenge the fact that the earth is round.     现在没有人会对地球是圆的这一事实提出异议。
The judge met the two lawyers in his chambers.     法官在他的办公室里会见了两位律师。
Why don't we crack open a bottle of champagne to celebrate?     我们何不开瓶香槟酒庆祝一下呢？
He was the world tennis champion.     他曾是世界网球冠军。
The championship will be held next week.     锦标赛将于下周举行。
A chance meeting brought the two old friends together again.     偶然的相遇使两位老朋友重新聚首。
The most important judge in Britain is the Lord Chancellor.     英国最重要的法官是大法官。
If we are to avoid defeat we need a change of leadership.     我们要避免失败的话，就要换掉领导人。
Ships must follow the channel into the port.     船只必须沿航道进入港口。
Chant a prayer.     唱赞美诗
After the failure of the electricity supplies the city was in chaos.     电力供应中断，城市陷于混乱之中。
His chapped lips were bleeding.     他干裂的嘴唇流出血来。
They go to chapel every Sunday evening.     他们每个星期天晚上做礼拜。
I had nearly finished chapter 8.     我就要把第8章看完了。
example sentence not found
I wish this book was written in bigger character.     我希望这本书的字再大一点儿。
Sympathy is the feeling characteristic of mankind.     同情心是人类特有的感情。
Your work is characterized by lack of attention to details.     你的工作特点是缺乏对细节的注意。
As long as you've paid in advance we won't charge you for delivery.     只要你预先付款，我们就不收你送货费。
She was always very generous in her charity.     她行善时总是很慷慨。
Her charm of manner made her very popular.     她风度优雅，备受欢迎。
I found Susan a very charming person.     我发现苏珊是个非常可爱的人。
The pilot charted the plane's course.     飞行员制定了飞机的航线。
The holiday-makers chartered a boat to go fishing.     渡假者租了一艘船去钓鱼。
We must chase the enemy from our country.     我们必须把敌人赶出我国。
There is always a vast chasm between rich and poor.     贫富的鸿沟始终存在。
example sentence not found
She was a holy woman, innocent and chaste.     她是一个圣洁的女人，天真而忠贞。
It is pleasant to chat with friends, and with no chat is it more pleasant than with close friends.     和朋友聊天是愉快的，而这种情形没有比和知己的朋友聊天更为愉快。
I hate this kind of cheap emotion.     我讨厌这种肤浅的感情。
His father was cheated of his land.     他的父亲被人骗走了地产。
I'm just going to check in these books at the library.     我要去图书馆还这些书。
The checker checks on the quality of our products.     检查者检查我们的产品的质量。
Be there an express checkout service?     有没有快速退房手续的服务？
example sentence not found
For the present we are made a general checkup.     目前，我们正做总的检查。
She kissed him on both cheeks.     她吻了他的双颊。
He's always full of cheer in summer.     夏天他总是高高兴兴的。
She remained cheerful throughout the trip.     旅行中她始终兴致勃勃。
There are many kinds of cheese.     奶酪有许多种。
I commended the chef on the excellent meal. I later wrote to commend him to his employer, the restaurant owner.     我称赞厨师做的菜味道好. 随後我给雇用他的餐馆老板写了封信表扬他.
We are doing a chemical experiment.     我们正在做化学实验。
I bought aspirin at the chemist's on the corner.     我在大街拐角的药房买了阿司匹林。
We have three periods of chemistry a week.     我们一星期三节化学课。
example sentence not found
Payments by cheque easily outnumbered cash transactions.     用支票付款在数量上大大超过现金交易。
One of our cherished privileges is the right of free speech.     我们所珍视的权利之一是言论自由。
He went to the cherry orchard to see flowers.     他去樱桃园看花。
Chess is played by two people.     国际象棋是两个人玩的。
He put some food into the ice chest.     他把一些食物放进冰箱里。
These chestnuts are of bright reddish-brown.     这些栗子是鲜亮的红褐色。
You must chew your food well before you swallow it.     食物吞下去之前先要细细咀嚼。
She dresses with chic.     她穿着高雅。
She cabled the good news about her arrival in Chicago.     她打电报说她已顺利到达芝加哥。
He has a chicken farm.     他有一个养鸡场。
example sentence not found
The chief of the police department demanded severe punishments for criminals.     警察局长要求严惩罪犯。
Bread is chiefly made of flour.     面包主要是由面粉做成的。
My wife lost her first child a month before it should have been born.     我太太在产前一个月流产了第一胎。
Epidurals are now often used during childbirth.     现在分娩时常用硬膜外注射.
They spend their childhood in happiness.     他们幸福地度过童年。
The little girl spoke in a high childish voice.     小女孩说话时声音尖尖的，带着童音。
It's very important to teach the children about road safety.     把交通安全常识教给孩子们是非常重要的。
The sight sent a chill to her heart.     这情景使她心寒。
He had a chilly welcome of our coming.     他冷淡地迎接我们的到来。
The factory chimneys poured smoke into the air.     工厂的烟囱向空中排烟。
Some folks seem to have descend from the chimpanzee much later than others.     有些人，看来像是比其他人晚了好久才从黑猩猩分支而传下来的后裔。
He was so fat that he had a double chin.     他胖得有双下巴了。
China is an oriental country with a long history.     中国是一个有着悠久历史的东方国家。
Chinese people are working hard to make the country richer and more beautiful.     中国人民正在努力工作，把国家建设得更加富饶美丽。
The entire content of a book will be located on a single silicon chip.     整本书的内容只用一片硅芯片就可以装下。
He cut the figure of a woman out of that rock with a chisel.     他用凿子把那块石头刻成了一个女人像。
example sentence not found
Chlorophyll is a green substance in plants that absorbs energy from sunlight and helps them grow.     叶绿素是生长在植物中的绿色物质，它能吸收阳光，促进植物生长。
Never eat chocolate before dinner.     饭前不要吃巧克力。
She can exercise little choice.     她几乎没有选择余地。
He is a member of the choir.     他是唱诗班的一员。
An old woman was found choked to death.     发现一个老妇人被掐死了。
Have you chosen a coat yet?     你挑好了上衣没有？
He chopped in with a sarcastic remark.     他突然插进一句讽刺的话。
This story may strike a chord for other women in the same situation.     这个故事会触动其他与她处境相同的妇女的心弦。
She finds shopping a chore.     她认为买东西是烦人的事.
The papers all chorused the praises of the President.     各报都异口同声地对总统表示赞扬。
To Christians, Jesus Christ is the Savior.     对基督徒来说，主耶稣是他们的救世主。
He is an earnest Christian.     他是一个虔诚的基督教徒。
Merry Christmas!     圣诞快乐！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There is a chronic unemployment problem in America.     在美国存在长期失业问题。
A literary or cinematic device in which an earlier event is inserted into the normal chronological order of a narrative.     倒叙，闪回镜头一种文学或电影的表现手法，往往在一段按正常时间顺序记叙的叙事中插入一件以前发生过的事情
I've completed a fair chunk of my article.     我已经把文章的一大部分写完了.
I'm just going to the church to see the priest.     我正要去教堂去见见牧师。
He lit up a cigar.     他点燃了雪茄。
example sentence not found
In our city, the shops were not allowed to sell cigarettes to students.     在我市，商店不准把香烟卖给学生。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The crowd swarmed out of the cinema after the film ended.     电影结束后，人们从电影院蜂拥而出。
The cipher took me three weeks before I hit it.     我费了3个多星期才把这密码解释出来。
example sentence not found
The plane circled the airport before landing.     飞机在着陆之前在机场上空盘旋。
The rocket did one circuit of the earth and returned to base.     火箭绕地球运行一周后返回基地。
The full moon has a circular form.     满月呈圆形。
Please open a window to allow the air to circulate.     打开窗子让空气流通。
This magazine has a large circulation.     这本杂志发行量很大。
An excess of blood in the circulatory system or in one organ or area.     多血在循环系统或在一个器官或区域中的血过多
The circumference of the earth is almost 25,000 miles.     地球的圆周长约为两万五千英里。
example sentence not found
Due to circumstances beyond our control the lecture was cancelled.     由于无法控制的情况，讲座取消了。
An unusual conjunction of circumstances led to the incident.     各种情况的偶然巧合导致了这件事的发生。
The children are trying to persuade their mother to allow them to go to the circus.     孩子们试图说服妈妈让他们去看马戏。
Something, especially an official award or citation, that commends.     奖品，奖状称赞的某事，特别是官方的奖品或奖状
It's no use citing the Bible to somebody who doesn't believe in God.     对不信上帝的人引用圣经的话是没用的。
He is an eminent citizen of China.     他是一个杰出的中国公民。
Beijing is a large city.     北京是一座大城市。
It's a civic pride to have a champion.     拥有世界冠军是我们每个公民的骄傲。
Man is a civil creature.     人是社会动物。
People are indignant by their shooting of innocent civilians.     对于他们枪杀无辜平民，人们感到义愤填膺。
Chinese civilization is one of the oldest in the world.     中国文化是世界上最古老的文化之一。
Many a rough man has been civilized by his wife.     许多粗野的男人在妻子的开导下变得文雅了。
Not civilized; barbarous.     不文明的；野蛮的
He set up a claim to the throne.     他自称王位是属于他的。
He clamped the reading lamp onto the edge of the table.     他把台灯夹到桌子的边上。
There are many clans in European countries.     欧洲国家有很多党派。
He gave me a clap on the back and invited me for a drink.     他在我背上拍了一下，请我去喝酒。
The teacher's explanation clarify the puzzling problem.     老师的说明澄清了困扰的问题。
Being unable to think with clarity or act with understanding and intelligence.     迷惑的不能清楚地思考或不能理智或清晰地行为
The color of the curtains clashed with the color of the carpet.     窗帘的颜色和地毯的颜色不协调。
She clasped the baby to her bosom.     她把孩子紧紧抱在怀里。
Class distinctions have become less important during the last 50 years.     在过去五十年间，社会等级差别已经变得不那么重要了。
Dickens' A Tale of Two Cities is a literary classic.     狄更斯的《双城记》是文学名著。
I prefer classical music to pop music.     我喜欢古典音乐，不太喜欢流行音乐。
There is a hierarchy in the classification of all living creatures.     一切生物均可按等级分类.
The books in the library are classified by subject.     图书馆的书是按科目分类的。
Be those your classmate?     那些是你的同班同学吗？
The classroom was turned upside-down.     教室被弄得乱七八糟。
This is an attributive clause.     这是一个定语从句。
A hen's claw has three toes.     母鸡的脚爪有三个脚趾。
Bricks and dishes are made from various kinds of clay.     砖和盘子由各种粘土制成。
The bullet went clean through his arm.     子弹穿过他的手臂。
I use the floor cleaner to remove grease.     我用地板除垢剂清除油污。
Do I make myself clear?     我说清楚了吗?
Let me tell you some details about clearance.     让我告诉你一些通关的细节。
The new proposals affect both clergy and laity.     新的建议与神职人员和俗人都有关系。
She is the filing clerk of our company.     她是我们公司的档案员。
He is clever at arithmetic.     他擅长算术。
Cliche is a feature of bad journalism.     使用套语是拙劣的新闻体的特点.
The door clicked shut.     门咔嗒一声关上了。
If a lawyer has plenty of clients, he grows rich.     律师如果有大量的诉讼委托人，就会财源不断。
The man committed suicide by jumping off the cliff.     那人跳下悬崖自杀。
Britain has a temperate climate.     英国气候温和。
The climax of the celebration was a firework display.     庆祝会的高潮是燃放烟火。
I have some climbing plants in the garden.     我的花园里长着一些攀缘植物。
The smell of onions clings, doesn't it?     洋葱的味道一直都不散，是吗？
His clinic is near the newly-built railway station.     他的诊所在新建的火车站附近。
He seemed to have a rather clinical view of the breakup of his marriage.     他似乎是相当冷静地看待自己的婚姻破裂。
The bus driver clipped our tickets to show we had used them.     公共汽车司机在我们的车票上打孔，标明使用过了。
Cut data to the clipboard replace the contents previously stored there.     剪切数据到剪贴板会替代以前存储在那里的内容。
A clipping, as from a newspaper.     剪辑剪下之物，如从报纸上
His friendly behaviour was a cloak for his evil intentions.     他的友好行为不过是他险恶用心的伪装。
He clocked 9.8 seconds for the 100 metres.     他100米跑了9.8秒。
The cardinal point on the mariner's compass270= clockwise from due north and directly opposite east.     西航海者指南针上的基本方向，即从正北按顺时针方向转270度，正对着东方
example sentence not found
He closed his speech with a funny joke.     他用一则有趣的笑话结束了演讲。
That door is often keeping closed.     那个门常常是关着的。
example sentence not found
The situation closely resembles that of Europe in 1940.     这种形势与1940年的欧洲十分相似。
You may put these books in the closet.     你可以把这些书放在壁橱里。
A haemophiliac's blood will not clot properly.     血友病患者的血液凝固不良.
I need a lot of cloth if I want to make a new dress.     假如我要做新衣服，需要很多布料。
He had to work hard to feed and clothe the large family.     他必须努力工作才能使全家有饭吃，有衣穿。
Old people need warm clothes in winter.     老年人冬季需要暖和的衣服。
We have to put on warm clothing in winter.     冬天的时候，我们不得不穿上温暖的衣服。
The sad news of her father's death was the only cloud on an otherwise happy year.     她父亲的死讯是她愉快的一年中唯一伤心的事。
It's cloudy today.     今天阴天。
He is an active member of the school's stamp club.     他是学校集邮俱乐部的一名活跃会员。
She's really clued up on politics.     她对政治非常博学多闻。
He was clumping about in heavy boots that time.     那时他正穿着笨重的靴子走来走去。
You clumsy oaf ---that's the second glass you've broken today.     你这个笨家伙!这是你今天打坏的第二个玻璃杯。
You can see stars in clusters in the night sky.     你可以看到夜空中的星群。
The boy clutched the marbles and ran away.     那男孩一把抢去弹珠便逃之夭夭。
The football coach was criticized by the local paper.     这位足球教练受到了当地报纸的批评。
A coal fell from the fire and burned the mat.     一块煤炭从火中掉出来，烧坏了地席。
The views of party leaders coalesced to form a coherent policy.     党的领导人的各种观点已统一为一致的政策.
Some of the parties in Spain formed a coalition government.     西班牙的一些政党组成了一个联合政府。
His coarse manners shocked everyone.     他的粗鲁的举止使每个人震惊。
Fishing boats were anchored all along the coast.     渔船沿着岸抛锚停泊。
Jane bought a fur coat yesterday.     简昨天买了一件裘皮大衣。
There was a coating of slime on the unwashed sink.     未刷洗的水槽上有一层污垢.
He coaxed her into letting him take her to the cinema.     他哄她同意带她去看电影。
example sentence not found
A COBOL mnemonic name associated with the console typewriter.     和控制台打字机有关的一种COBOL助记忆名。
Analysis showed that cocaine was present in the mixture.     分析的结果表明混合物中含有可卡因.
He cocked his eye at me.     他对我使了个眼色。
An allergy to cocktail parties.     对鸡尾酒会的厌恶
He made a mug of cocoa for me.     他给我冲了杯可可饮料。
A cocoon is a kind of silk covering made by an insect.     蚕茧是由昆虫制造的一种由丝组成的外包层。
I can break the code of this box.     我能破译这个箱子的密码。
example sentence not found
A plan for the solution of a problem; consists of planning and coding, numerical analysis, systems analysis, specification of printing formats, and any other functions necessary to the integration of a computer in a system.     为解决某一问题而作出的计划，包括规划和编码、数值分析、系统分析、打印格式规定以及把计算机结合进一个系统所必需的其它功能。
Is your school coed?     你们学校是男女合校吗?
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Power or ability to coerce.     强制的权力或能力
Now it is generally accepted that the countries with different social systems can coexist peacefully.     ＂现在一般都承认，不同社会制度的国家可以和平共处。＂
example sentence not found
Brazil exports a lot of coffee.     巴西出口大量咖啡。
example sentence not found
The combining of separate elements or substances to form a coherent whole.     综合把分别的元素或物质连接成连贯的一个整体
Absence of any cohesive principle, such as a common standard or purpose.     混乱，无秩序无任何凝聚性准则，如共同标准或目标
He passed me a coil of thread.     他递给我一卷线。
Many hands make light work, to coin a phrase.     常言说，人多好干活。
They didn't coincide in opinion.     他们的意见不统一。
What a coincidence!     多巧的事啊！
The refuse left when coke or charcoal is made.     焦炭渣，煤屑焦炭或木炭做成后剩下的渣滓
He caught a cold.     他感冒了。
His boss looked at him coldly because he made several big mistakes.     他的老板冷漠地看着他因为他犯了几个大错误。
She collaborated with her sister/She and her sister collaborated on a biography of their father.     她和姐姐合作写父亲的传记.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The wind caused the tent to collapse.     风把帐篷吹塌了。
The lawyer was collared by some journalists as he left his office.     律师在离开办公室时被记者拦住了。
The bank will insist on collateral for a loan of that size.     银行对这样的大笔贷款一定要有抵押物。
example sentence not found
The Prime Minister's cabinet colleague refused to accept the proposal.     首相的内阁同僚拒绝接受这个建议。
This department collects information on political extremists.     这个部门搜集有关政治极端分子的情报。
There are two collections a day from this letter box.     这个邮箱每天开两次。
In a system of collective bargaining, the workers as a group negotiate with the managers of the company.     在劳资集体谈判制度下，工人作为一个团体同公司经理进行谈判。
A relatively small, often rural community whose members share common interests, work, and income and often own property collectively.     公社一个比较小、常在乡村的公社，它的成员分享公共财产、工作和收入，并常集中自己的财产
He is at law college.     他在法学院读书。
The ships collided in the fog.     轮船在雾中相撞.
The liner is reported to have been in collision with an oil tanker.     据报道，这艘客轮与一艘油轮相撞。
The old man died from colon cancer.     这位老人死于结肠癌。
The colonel ordered their soldiers to gather on the deck.     上校命令士兵们在甲板上集合。
The new house he bought was colonial architecture.     他新买的房子是美国初期的建筑。
The colonists took up weapons to rebel against the British ruler.     殖民地的人们拿起武器反抗英国统治者。
This country used to be a British colony in Asia.     这个国家曾是英国在亚洲的殖民地。
She loved the life, noise, and color of the market.     她爱市场上的生趣、喧哗与多姿多彩。
I throw my eyes out of focus, so that I see no particular object but only a seething kaleidoscope of colors.     我的目光没有聚焦，以致我没有看到特别的目标，仅仅是那川流不息的彩色万花筒。
It requires government spending on a colossal scale.     这要求政府付出巨额开支。
She loved the life, noise, and colour of the market.     她爱市场上的生趣、喧哗与多姿多彩。
He used to write a column for this newspaper.     他过去曾为这家报纸写专栏文章。
She wore a small comb as an ornament.     她佩戴了一把小梳子作为装饰品。
The ship is combating the wind and waves.     那只船正与风浪搏斗。
These players made a very good combination.     这些球员们配合得很好。
We can't always combine work with pleasure.     我们并不总是能在工作中享受到乐趣。
Petrol is (highly) combustible.     汽油（极）易燃.
Your family should always come before your job.     你的家庭应该比你的工作重要。
There is not much comedy in modern war.     现代战争并不是好玩的事。
Comets move around the sun like planets, but in long oval course.     彗星象行星一样绕太阳运转，然而其轨道呈狭长的椭圆形。
My husband was a great comfort to me when my son was ill.     我儿子生病时，丈夫给了我极大的安慰。
My house is not big, but it is comfortable.     我的房子不大，但很舒服。
This famous comic actor is loved by the people even after his death.     这位著名的戏剧演员即便是在死后，也仍受到人们的喜爱。
Stop quibbling about the use of the comma.     别再争辩逗号的用法了.
This great man is able to command everyone's respect.     这位伟人有资格获得大家的尊敬。
He is the commander of the expedition.     他是远征军的司令/探险队的队长。
Christmas commemorates the birth of Christ.     圣诞节是为了纪念耶酥的诞生。
The second term commences in March.     第二学期自三月开始。
She commended the child to her sister's care.     她将孩子委托给她妹妹照管。
What comments have you about my son's behaviour?     你对我儿子的行为有什么意见？
I think his commentary on this issue is not correct.     我认为他对这个问题的评论是不正确的。
I prefer soccer commentator to report a match blow by blow.     我宁愿足球比赛广播实况播音员详尽地报导比赛。
He majored in international commerce in college.     他大学时的专业是国际贸易。
New York is a big commercial city.     纽约是一座大的商业城市。
He has secured two commissions to design buildings for a local authority.     他已承包两项为当地政府设计建筑物的业务。
The old man was a police commissioner before his retirement.     这位老人退休前是警察局长。
The girl was committed to the care of an aunt.     这女孩被交给姨母照顾。
His political commitment is only skin-deep.     他政治上的承诺只是表面文章。
The committee meets at three today.     委员会今天三点开会。
The country is heavily dependent on its exports of agricultural commodities.     这个国家很大程度上依靠农产品的出口。
Rabbits and foxes are common in Britain.     兔子和狐狸在英国很常见。
It was commonly believed that he was an honest man.     一般都认为他是一个诚实的人。
Many movies deal with commonplace themes.     许多电影的主题很平庸。
He has no commonsense he always does silly things.     他毫无常识，总是做些傻事。
The Commonwealth agreed to make a compact with this country.     英联邦同意和这个国家订约。
You are making a great commotion about nothing.     你简直是在无理取闹。
The door communicates with my room.     这门和我的房间相通。
Radio and television are important means of communication.     无线电和电视是重要的通信手段。
They all believe in communism.     他们都相信共产主义。
He is a communist.     他是一名共产党员。
He worked in community welfare department.     他在社会福利部工作。
My uncle used to commute ten miles to the city.     我的叔父过去每天要走10英里到城里去。
The five o'clock train is always packed with commuters.     五点钟那趟车总是挤满了通勤者。
He received a compact package.     他收到一个扎得很紧的包裹。
example sentence not found
The fear of being discovered was his constant companion.     他总提心吊胆的，担心被人发现。
I work in a small company.     我在一家小公司工作。
A comparable car would cost far more abroad.     类似的车子在国外要贵的多。
He majored in comparative literature.     他的专业是比较文学。
An overland route is comparatively safe.     陆路相对来说安全些。
example sentence not found
I compared the copy with the original, but there was not much difference.     我比较了复印件和原件，但是差别不是很大。
He is rather dull in comparison with others.     和别人比较起来，他相当迟钝。
The first-class compartments are in the front of the train.     头等车室在列车的前面。
Now we begin to draw a circle with compasses.     现在我们开始用圆规画一个圆。
I had compassion for him.     我怜悯他。
One that adapts, such as a device used to effect operative compatibility between different parts of one or more pieces of apparatus.     适应物，转接器，接合器适应物，如用于在一件或多件仪器的不同部件之间实现有效兼容性的装置
Not compatible or sympathetic, as in character.     志趣不同的指性格上不宽容，无同情心的
The heavy rain compelled us to stay indoors.     大雨迫使我们呆在户内。
Nothing can compensate for the loss of one's health.     什么都不能补偿健康受损。
My job is hard, but it has its compensation.     我的工作虽苦，但也有所补偿。
Several companies are competing for the contract.     几家公司正为争取一项合同而互相竞争。
It has beyond the competence of the court.     它已经超出法院的权限。
Is Mary competent as a teacher?     玛丽胜任教师的工作吗？
Everyone in modern society faces the keen competition.     现代社会的每个人都面临着激烈的竞争。
America is a competitive society.     美国是一个充满竞争的社会。
The firm has better products than its competitors.     这家公司的产品比其对手的好。
Her latest album is a compilation of all her best singles.     她最新的一套唱片是她的最佳单曲唱片的汇集.
It take year of hard work to compile a good dictionary.     编纂一部好词典要花多年心血。
Optimize32 bit native code compiler with up to300%-400% faster application.     优化32位本机代码编译器使应用程序加快了300％－400％。
They complained bitterly about the injustice of the system.     他们愤恨地抱怨制度不公平。
I have a complaint of the chest.     我胸部不适。
This wine complements the food perfectly.     用这种酒配这种菜肴最妙不过了。
I will complete this task soon.     我很快就要完成这项任务了。
The army made a completely successful attack on the enemy capital.     军队攻击敌人首都的行动非常成功。
Completion of the building work is taking longer than expected.     建筑工程的竣工比预计时间要长。
Life is getting more complex and difficult.     生活正在变得越来越复杂和艰难。
This great victory changed the complexion of the war.     这次大捷使整个战局为之改观。
We are facing a problem of great complexity.     我们正面对着一个极复杂的问题。
In compliance with your wishes (ie As you have requested) we have withdrawn our suggestion.     遵照你的要求我们已将建议撤销.
Her refusal to help complicates matters.     她不肯帮忙，事情就更难办了。
Chopin aroused very complicated emotions in her.     肖邦的乐曲唤起了她极其复杂的感情。
Complications set in, and the patient died.     病人因出现并发症而死亡。
Your presence is a great compliment.     承蒙光临，不胜荣幸。
Everyone should comply with the law.     每个人都应该遵守法律。
Those are the components of an engine.     那些是发动机的部件。
Water is composed of hydrogen and oxygen.     水由氢和氧组成。
His dual role as a composer and a conductor made him very busy.     他作曲家和指挥家的双重身份使他非常繁忙。
The judge or judges composing a court.     法官（们）法官或组成法庭的全体法官
A small or reduced flower, especially one of the grasses and composite plants, such as a daisy.     小花尤指禾木植物或菊科植物的一朵小花或小花穗，例如雏菊花
He played many of his compositions for me.     他为我演奏了他的许多乐曲。
Medicines are usually compounds.     药品通常是化合物。
If you can use a word correctly and effectively you comprehend it.     你如果可以正确有效地使用一个词，你就是了解它了。
Impairment of speech and verbal comprehension, especially when associated with brain injury.     难语症，诵读困难症语言或文字理解能力受损，尤指那些与大脑受损伤相联系的
She has a comprehensive grasp of the subject.     她已全面掌握了这一学科。
The farmers compressed straw into blocks for burning.     农民们将干草压成块用来烧火。
A covering for a wheel, usually made of rubber reinforced with cords of nylon, fiberglass, or other material and filled with compressed air.     轮胎车轮的覆盖物，通常由用尼龙绳、玻璃纤维或其它材料加固的橡胶制成，并注入了压缩的空气
The application of continuous force by one body on another that it is touching; compression.     压紧，压缩相靠着的物体中其中一物对另一物的连续挤压式的涂敷；
example sentence not found
Fifteen separate republics comprised the Soviet Union.     苏联由十五个加盟共和国组成。
They refused to compromise their principles by doing a deal with the terrorists.     他们拒绝同恐怖分子做交易，以免原则受到损害。
Is military service compulsory in your country?     你们国家实行义务兵役制吗？
example sentence not found
A quick computation revealed that we would not make a profit.     粗略计算後可以看出我们无利可图.
He computed his losses at USD5,000.     他估计自己损失5000美元。
This computer company was established last year.     这家电脑公司是去年成立的。
They were comrades in arms.     他们是战友。
example sentence not found
It is wrong for a man to conceal things from his wife.     一个男人对妻子隐瞒事情是不对的。
I concede that you are right.     我承认你是对的。
I can't conceive of your allowing the child to travel alone.     我想不通你怎么会让孩子独自去旅行。
I can't concentrate on my work when I'm tired.     我累了就无法集中精力工作。
Stress and tiredness often result in a lack of concentration.     紧张和疲劳常使人精神不集中。
example sentence not found
It is difficult to grasp the concept of infinite space.     掌握无限空间的概念是很难的。
He's got a pretty strange conception of friendship.     他对友谊有一种非常独特的见解。
How much money I earn is none of your concern.     我挣多少钱与你无关。
Please don't be concerned about me.     请不要为我担心。
They show great anxiety concerning their retirement allowance.     他们对自己的养老金问题显得十分焦虑。
The concert will be given on Saturday.     音乐会将于星期六举行。
A vigorous concerted movement for a cause or against an abuse.     圣战赞成某一事业或反对某一弊病而进行的有力的统一运动
We will make some concession in price.     我们将在价格上做些让步。
The act or procedure of giving or receiving concise preparatory instructions, information, or advice.     简介给予或接受简洁的预备性的指令、信息或忠告的行为或步骤
From his appearance we may safely conclude that he is a chain smoker.     从他的外表，我们可以有把握地断定他烟抽得很凶。
The conclusion of the movie was anticlimactic.     电影的结局真没劲。
Having the power to decide; conclusive.     决定性的有权决定的；结论性的
She'd concocted some unlikely tale about the train being cancelled.     她胡编了一通瞎话, 说什麽那班火车给取消了.
example sentence not found
This post is made of concrete.     这根柱子是混凝土做的。
A brief shot that interrupts the visual continuity of the main action of a film, often to depict related matter or supposedly concurrent action.     切换镜头一种中断电影的主要情节画面的连续性的简短镜头，通常用来描绘相关事件或可能同时发生的情节
The criminal was condemned to death.     这个罪犯被判死刑。
Steam condenses into water when cooling down.     蒸汽冷却时凝结成水。
The boy was conditioned in English.     这个男孩必须补考英语。
A temporary, conditional pledge of property to a creditor as security for performance of an obligation or repayment of a debt.     抵押给予债权人临时的、有条件的财产抵押，以此作为履行责任或偿还债务的保证
This new style of air conditioner is noiseless.     这种新型空调没有噪音。
A system of physical conditioning designed to enhance circulatory and respiratory efficiency that involves vigorous, sustained exercise, such as jogging, swimming, or cycling, thereby improving the body's utilization of oxygen.     有氧健身法旨在增强循环和呼吸功效的生理调节体系，包括有力的、持久的锻炼，例如慢跑、游泳或骑自行车，从而提高肌体对氧气的利用
example sentence not found
Fresh air is conducive to health.     新鲜空气有助于健康。
The reporter was accused of unprofessional conduct.     那位记者被控有违反职业道德的行为。
Ruin will wait on such conduction.     这样的行为将导致毁灭。
Electrical conductivity affected by exposure to light.     光电导性，光电导率受光暴露影响的电传导
She is a bus conductor.     她是一名公共汽车售票员。
It's a conduit enclosing insulated electric wires.     这是包电线的导管。
The Queen conferred knighthood on several distinguished men.     女王将爵士头衔授予几位杰出人士。
You will see him at the press conference.     你会在记者招待会上见到他的。
The priest confessed the young man.     神父听取那个青年的忏悔。
The two girls told each other confidences about their boyfriends.     这两个姑娘相互谈了关于各自男友的悄悄话。
We are confident of victory.     我们确信能胜利。
He told me the confidential information.     他向我透露了这个秘密的信息。
Something resembling this structure in configuration or pattern.     蜂窝状物在外形或结构上类似这种构造的东西
example sentence not found
I wish the speaker would confine himself to the subject.     我希望演说者不要离题。
The news confirmed my resolution.     这消息加强了我的决心。
Your news was really confirmation for my beliefs.     你带来的消息证实了我的信念。
The long drawn-out conflict between the employers and workers led to the strike last week.     劳资之间旷日持久的纠纷导致了上周的罢工。
The conflicting interests of producers and consumers will be everlasting.     生产者与消费者之间的利益冲突将永远存在。
His ideas do not conform to mine.     他的想法和我的不一致。
Confronted by an angry crowd the police retreated.     警察面对愤怒的人群只好后撤了。
Please don't confuse Australia with Austria.     别把澳大利亚和奥地利混淆了。
The enemy retreated in great confusion.     敌人狼狈撤退。
He had a serious congestion of the lungs.     他得了严重的肺充血。
An American conglomerate holds a major share in the company.     一家美国的大联合企业持有该公司的大部分股份。
We congratulated him on his birthday.     我们向他庆祝生日。
Congratulations on your marriage.     恭贺你喜结良缘。
This matter will be discussed in congress tomorrow.     这个问题将在明天的代表大会上讨论。
example sentence not found
The conjunction of workmanship and artistry in making jewelry decides the value of the jewelry.     在珠宝饰物的制造中，手工与艺术的结合决定了珠宝的价值。
These terminals are connected to our mainframe computer.     这些终端设备都和我们的计算机主机相连。
The plumber connected up all the pipes and turned on the tap.     管子工连接上所有管子，然后打开了水龙头。
What is the connection between the two ideas?     这两个概念之间有何联系？
A subdivision of a bodily organ or part bounded by fissures, connective tissue, or other structural boundaries.     叶身体器官和部分的细分部分，由裂纹、连接组织或其他组织边界粘连
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She conquered her fear and crossed the shaking bridge by herself.     她克服了恐惧，自己走过了摇摇晃晃的桥。
They succeeded in the conquest of the city.     他们成功地征服了这座城市。
She gave him back the money she'd stolen for the sake of her conscience.     为了不受良心的谴责，她把从他那偷来的钱还给他了。
She is a conscientious teacher.     她是一个有责任心的教师。
He was very conscious of his shortcomings.     他对自己的缺点十分清楚。
When will the patient regain his consciousness?     这个病人什么时候恢复知觉？
We shall have meetings on two consecutive days, Monday and Tuesday.     周一周二连续两天我们都将开会。
There is broad consensus (of opinion) in the country on this issue.     对这一问题举国上下（舆论）普遍一致.
My father will never give his consent to our marriage.     我父亲决不会同意我们的婚姻的。
Such a mistake would perhaps lead to disastrous consequences.     这样一种错误可能导致灾难性的后果。
His success was consequent on his hard work.     他的成功是勤奋工作的结果。
He had been ill for a long time and consequently he was behind in his work.     他病了很久，因此耽误了功课。
Most people have come to accept the need for conservation of natural resources.     现在大多数人已认识到保护自然资源的必要。
Old people are usually more conservative than young people.     老年人通常比年轻人保守。
example sentence not found
We must conserve our forests and woodlands for future generations.     我们必须为子孙后代保护森林资源。
I consider it a great honor to be invited to dinner.     我认为能被邀请参加晚宴是很大的荣幸。
He bought the house at considerable expense.     他花了很多钱买了这所房子。
Considerate or kindly in disposition; amiable and tender.     友善的，和蔼的性情体谅的或和蔼的；和善的，柔顺的
He has never shown much consideration for his wife's needs.     他从来不大考虑妻子的需要.
German astronomer and mathematician. Considered the founder of modern astronomy, he formulated three laws to clarify the theory that the planets revolve around the sun.     开普勒，约翰尼斯1571－1630德国天文学家和数学家，被认为是现代天文学的奠基人，他创立了三大定律，说明行星围绕太阳转的理论
The goods were consigned to you by railway.     货物已由铁路托运到你处。
The goods have been sent to Chicago on consignment.     货物已运到芝加哥，托人代销。
The United Kingdom consists of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.     联合王国由大不列颠和北爱尔兰组成。
His action lacks consistency.     他的行为缺乏一致性。
What you're saying now is not consistent with what you said last week.     你现在说的话与上星期你说的不相符。
There are many lights and electrical instruments on the computer console.     电脑控制板上有许多小灯和电子设备。
He bribes his leader to consolidate his position.     他贿赂他的领导来巩固他的地位。
The consolidation of bones or their parts to form a single unit.     关节强直使骨和其它部位强直并形成一体
Lincoln is a conspicuous example of a poor boy who succeeded.     林肯是一个穷苦孩子而功成名就的出色例子。
He revealed their conspiracy to overthrow the government.     他泄露了他们推翻政府的阴谋。
He drove at a constant speed.     他以稳定的速度开车。
He constantly writes articles for the local paper.     他经常给当地报纸写文章。
Intestinal obstruction causing colic, vomiting, and constipation.     肠阻塞造成腹绞痛、呕吐和便秘的肠道堵塞
Do you know the constituents of the mixture?     你知道这种混合物的成份吗？
Twelve months constitute one year.     十二个月构成一年。
He has a good constitution.     他体质很好。
I felt constrained to do what he told me.     我觉得不能不做他叫我做的事。
Not in confinement or under constraint; free.     自由不受约束的或不受限制的；自由的
A constricted throat in the air passage of a carburetor, causing a reduction in pressure that results in fuel vapor being drawn out of the carburetor bowl.     文丘里管汽化器空气通道中的一段喉管，导致压力减小从而把燃料的蒸气抽出汽化器的碗状部分
This factory was constructed by our company.     这家工厂是由我们公司建设的。
The act or process of constructing.     构筑建筑的行为或过程
He became a construction worker after he left school.     离开学校后，他成为一名建筑工人。
It was regrettable that such great issues had to be the thrust and parry of a general election. But at least the debate should be constructive.     如此重大的问题不得不成为大选中人们激烈辩论的议题，这很令人遗憾。可这场辩论至少应该是建设性的。
Building constructors in Ji Nan and Qingdao have found our product easy to install and very attractive in appearance.     济南与青岛的建筑商，大多认为我公司产品易于安装，且外观颇具吸引力。
I have consulted a number of law books in the British Museums.     我查阅了大英博物馆里许多法律书籍。
The spy's cover was that she was a consultant engineer.     那女间谍伪装成顾问工程师.
Each year Americans consume a high percentage of the world's energy.     每年美国人都消耗掉世界能源的很大比例
Alcohol may not be consumed on the premises.     （指公债和股票）超过正常或市面的价值；溢价。
It is a consumer society now.     现在是消费社会。
Deplored the rampant consumerism of contemporary society.     对当代社会中狂热的拜金思想深感遗憾
There's too great a consumption of alcohol in China.     在中国酒的消耗量太大了。
Have the children been in contact with disease?     孩子们同这种疾病有过接触吗？
He has contagious laughter.     他有着容易感染人的笑声。
The atlas contains forty maps.     这个地图集有四十幅地图。
The quantity that a container or apparatus can hold.     最大容量集装箱或容器的装载容量
Until we'd built up sufficient forces to drive the invaders back, we pursued a policy of containment.     我们对入侵之敌采取牵制的方针, 以备组织好兵力将之击退.
Flies contaminate food.     苍蝇可污染食物。
The police contemplated various kinds of trouble after the football match.     警方料想足球赛后会发生各种各样的麻烦。
He is a contemporary of mine, but our experiences are completely different.     他和我是同龄人，但我们的经历截然不同。
Their sense of justice gave them armor against the contempt of others.     他们的正义感保护他们不被别人轻视。
John has to contend with great difficulties.     约翰得与那些艰难困苦作斗争。
I like the style of his writing but I don't like the content.     我喜欢他的写作风格，但是不喜欢他的内容。
My contention is that the government's plan would never have been successful whatever had happened.     我的论点是无论发生什么事情，政府的计划都不会成功。
The soldiers contested every inch of ground.     士兵们为争夺每一寸土地而斗争。
It is usually easier to pick out the meaning of a phrase in a given context.     在特定的上下文中理解一个短语的含意往往要更容易些。
Contextual clues can help one to find the meaning.     上下文所提供的线索有助於了解其意义。
California and Mexico are contiguous.     加利福尼亚和墨西哥相邻。
There are seven continents in the world.     世界上有七大洲。
The classification of propositions on the basis of whether they assert or deny the possibility, impossibility, contingency, or necessity of their content.     模态逻辑命题的限制条件，建立在其内容的肯定或否定其可能性，不可能性，偶然性或必然性基础之上
Are you tired of this continual rain?     你对于这不停的雨不感到厌烦吗？
The fighting around the airport continued for a week before the enemy was defeated.     机场附近的战斗持续了一个星期，敌军才被击溃。
The state of being continued.     被继续被继续的状态
We must ensure continuity of fuel supplies.     我们应该确保燃料供给不中断.
The brain needs a continuous supply of blood.     大脑需要不断地供血。
The smooth contour of the sculpture is wonderful.     雕塑物平滑的轮廓线简直太美了。
example sentence not found
The city contracted for a library with their firm.     市政当局和他们公司订立了修建图书馆的合同。
I'll is a contraction of I will.     “I'll”是“I will”的缩写。
Who is the contractor on the new motorway?     谁是这条新公路的承包商?
The two statements contradict each other.     两种说法相互抵触。
He will permit no contradiction.     他决不允许有异议。
My sister's taste in dresses is contrary to my own.     在服装方面，我妹妹的爱好和我完全不同。
The black furnishings provide an interesting contrast to the white walls.     黑色家具和白色墙壁形成很有意思的对比。
Each worker contributed one dollar to the Red Cross.     每个工人都向红十字会捐献了一美元。
All contribution, however small, will be greatly appreciated.     所有捐款，无论数目多么少，我们都深表感谢。
example sentence not found
Can you contrive to be here early?     你能不能设法早到点？
At that time the Romans controlled a vast empire.     那时罗马人统治着一个很大的帝国。
example sentence not found
A controlled premature termination of processing activity in a computer system because of a mistake, nonrecoverable error, or malfunction.     由于事故、不可恢复的错误或故障，以一种受控制的方式提前结束计算机系统内的处理活动。
Another might be used for control purposes; changing the mode of the controller.     另一个则用于控制目的，用来改变控制器的运行模式。
Many of the new taxes are controversial.     许多新税收都是有争议的。
The new government appointments have caused much controversy.     政府在人事上作的新的委任，引起了许多争论。
At last she was pronounced upon the mend and then convalescent.     她的病情终于宣告有了好转―不久就恢复健康了。
People were convened here for an emergency meeting.     人们被召集到这里举行紧急会议。
It's a great convenience to live in town.     住在城市里有很大的方便。
Will it be convenient for you to come in the morning?     你上午来方便吗？
The convention looms as political battle.     这场大会将是一场政治角斗。
How are you? is a conventional greeting.     “你好”是一个习惯问候语。
Some say that capitalism and socialism will eventually converge.     有人说资本主义和社会主义最终会合而为一。
Angry crowds converged on the speaker.     愤怒的群众涌向演讲者。
Correspondence between parts or organs arising from evolutionary convergence.     异体同功由进化趋同而产生的部分或器官之间的对应现象
The professor invited his students to his home for conversation.     教授邀请学生们到自己家里会晤。
Our English course places great emphasis on conversational skills.     我们的英语课程非常重视会话技能。
Conversely, intelligent beings which are just beginning to develop on remote worlds may be ready to pick up our signals in thousands of years.     反过来说，其他星球上的刚刚开始进化的智力生命，他们要过几千年之后，也许才可能收到我们的信号。
Conversion to gas central heating will save you a lot of money.     改用煤气集中供暖将节省大笔开支。
Coal can be converted to gas.     煤可以转化成煤气。
Coal can be converted to gas.     煤可以转化成煤气。
For analog inputs, any absolute voltage value above which the analog-to- digital converter cannot distinguish a change. The overload value can be different for plus and minus inputs.     就模拟输入而言，使模数转换器不能区别其变化的超范围的绝对电压值。超载值对于正输入和负输入可能不同。
Dollars convertible into yen.     可兑换成日元的美金
Tending to use, using, or expressed in more words than are necessary to convey meaning.     多言的，罗唆的倾向于用超过传达意思所必需的词的，用超过传达意思所必需的词叙述的
Railroad trains and buses are public conveyances.     火车和公共汽车是公共交通工具。
The criminal was convicted of murder.     歹徒被判谋杀罪。
I have the conviction that he is right.     我深信他是对的。
He convinced me of his sincerity.     他使我确信他的真诚。
Do you want your vegetables cooked or raw?     你要把蔬菜煮熟还是生吃？
Sam and his wife had a running battle over whether they should buy a new cooker, Sam didn't want to get one but his wife did.     萨姆和他的妻子为了要不要买新炊具而争论了好一会，萨姆不想买，可他的妻子想买。
Even when you argue, you should try to keep cool.     即使在争辩时，你也要尽力保持冷静。
We want to cooperate with you greatly.     我们非常愿意与你们合作。
This sitcom is produced in cooperation with Hong Kong TV.     这部连续剧是同香港电视台联合制作的。
We decided to set up a cooperative.     我们决定开办一家合作社。
He is an excellent athlete; all his movements are perfectly coordinated.     他是个优秀的运动员，他所有的动作都非常协调。
Health Services Coordinator.     健康服务协调员。
He's not much cop as a boxer.     他是个蹩脚的拳击手。
No one can cope with him in Chemistry.     在化学方面，谁也比不上他。
The poor girl from an isolated village was deeply impressed by the copious quantities of food in the big city.     大城市里大量丰富的食品给这个来自荒僻的小山村的穷苦的小女孩留下了深刻的印象。
The chemical symbol for copper is Cu.     铜的化学符号是Cu。
example sentence not found
Would you copy this letter for me, please?     请为我复印一下这封信好吗？
This material is copyright.     本资料享有版权.
He tied the package with a cord.     他用绳子把包裹扎紧。
His friends gave him a cordial welcome.     他的朋友对他表示热诚的欢迎。
He is American to the core.     他是个地地道道的美国人。
Fill and cork these bottles please.     把这些瓶子灌满并用瓶塞塞紧。
The ground was ploughed and planted with corn.     地翻耕后种上了玉米。
A cloudy spot on the cornea.     角膜翳角膜上微薄遮光点
He fell and hit his head on the corner of a box.     他跌倒时,头碰到箱子的一角。
A faint glow enveloping the high-field electrode in a corona discharge, often accompanied by streamers directed toward the low-field electrode.     电晕在电晕放电中在高压电极出现的一种微弱光辉，常伴随有朝向低压电极的电流
Coronary artery bypass graft.     冠状动脉旁通接合
This company is concerned about its corporate image.     这家公司关心它自身的法人形象。
Our corporation was formed in 1994.     我们的公司成立于1994年。
West Coast Corps is a large corporation.     西海岸公司是个大型公司。
I corrected my watch by the time signal.     我按报时信号校正我的表。
The correction of all my mistakes took nearly an hour.     我用了近一个小时才改完我的全部错误。
In a proper manner; correctly.     以适当方式；正确地
example sentence not found
We can often correlate age with frequency of illness.     年龄的大小往往与发病率有关.
The American Congress corresponds to the British Parliament.     美国的国会相当於英国的议会.
I've got through a lot of correspondence today.     今天我处理了一大批信件.
They are our Hong Kong correspondents.     他们是我们派驻香港的通讯员。
A device that enables a user entity to log in, for example, to identify itself, its purpose and the time of entry; and to log out with the corresponding data so that the appropriate accounting procedures may be carried out in accordance with the operating system.     使用户实体能够注册（例如标识用户本身、注册目的以及进入时间）的一种装置，并能和相应的数据一起注销，以便配合操作系统办理适当的记帐手续。
The corridor opens into his office.     这走廊通到他的办公室。
Iron corrodes easily.     铁易锈损。
She wrote a book declaiming against our corrupt society.     她写了一本书抨击我们这腐败的社会.
Incapable of being morally corrupted.     正直的道德不会堕落的
Having a cortex or a similar specialized outer layer.     有皮的有皮的或具有相似的专门发育的外部覆盖的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A cosmetic or medicinal liquid, such as a mouthwash.     洗药，液体化妆品化妆用的或药用的液体，如漱口剂
Physics is governed by cosmic laws.     物理学受宇宙法则的制约.
The United Nations assembly is a cosmopolitan gathering.     联合国大会是一种世界性的集会。
He saved his daughter from the fire but at the cost of his own life.     他牺牲了生命，把女儿从大火中救出来。
He was walking to and fro swearing at the delay which was costing him so much money every minute.     他来回走动着，大骂这场延误事故，因为每耽误一分钟都在消耗他的钱财。
His costly mistake resulted in severe loss.     他的严重的错误导致了重大的损失。
As a result, costs will be reduced by as much as 90%.     因此，成本将会降低90%之多。
The kimono is part of the national costume of Japan.     和服是日本民族服装的一部分。
The room has a nice cosy feel.     这房间给人非常温暖舒适的感觉。
We dreamed of buying a little cottage in the country.     我们梦想在乡间买一所小别墅。
Cotton is more comfortable to wear than nylon.     棉布比尼龙穿着舒服。
His black leather couch looks expensive.     他的黑色皮沙发看上去很昂贵。
She gave a quiet cough to attract my attention.     她轻轻地咳了一声好引起我注意。
I can't sing now, but I could when I was young.     现在我不会唱歌了，但我年轻的时候会。
The Council of Ministers is the real power in the EEC.     部长理事会是欧洲经济共同体的真正权力机关。
The Mayor didn't arrive and the meeting voted to ask Councillor Jones to take the chair.     市长没到，结果会议选举琼斯政务员担任会议主席。
Finding his own scheme met with no support from the majority, the mayor faced about and supported the ideas of his Councilors.     市长发现他的方案没有得到大多数人的支持，就改变主意，转而支持市议会议员们的意见。
Each side of a case in court has its own counsel.     法庭上原告和被告双方都有各自的律师。
Credit counseling helped us get out from under.     信用咨询使我们免除了忧虑
Jane was counted among the greatest dancers of the century.     简被视为本世纪最伟大的舞蹈家之一。
There was an enormous cat crouching on the counter.     柜台上蜷伏着一只硕大的猫。
They will counteract the effects of his bad influence.     他们要清除他的不良影响。
His wife's calm nature act as a counterbalance to his excitability.     他妻子生性从容不迫，这对他的易冲动的个性起著平衡作用。
example sentence not found
Counterfeit or fake.     假冒的，伪造的
example sentence not found
I racked my memory in vain for its counterpart in literature: perhaps you could think of one.     我绞尽脑汁也想不出它在文学中的对等物，也许你可以想出一个。
example sentence not found
There are countless stars in the sky.     天上有无数的星星。
He likes the farms and fields in the country better than the tall buildings and busy streets in the city.     和大城市中的高楼大厦和喧嚣的街道相比，他更喜欢乡间的农庄和田野。
Modern agriculture is spoiling our beautiful countryside.     现代农业正在破坏我们美丽的农村。
He lives in a solitary county.     他住在一个偏远的县里。
I'll be back in a couple of days.     我过几天就回来。
example sentence not found
This coupon can be redeemed at any of our branches.     这种息票可在我们的任何分行兑现.
I don't think I have the courage to tell him the bad news.     我觉得我没有勇气告诉他这个坏消息。
A courier delivered the parcels (to our office).     送急件的人将包裹送来（送到我们办公室）了.
Our course was straight to the north.     我们是朝正北方向航行。
example sentence not found
The court found him guilty.     法官判他有罪。
They showed us every courtesy.     他们对我们彬彬有礼。
The hotel is built round a courtyard, with fountain and palm tree.     这家饭店围绕一庭院而建，辅以泉水和棕榈树。
He is a distant cousin of mine.     他是我的一位远房表亲。
We tried to find cover from the storm.     我们设法寻找遮蔽暴风雨的地方。
The wedding got massive media coverage.     婚礼得到大众传播媒介的广泛报道。
A covering resembling a cloak or mantle.     斗篷状覆盖物一种类似长袍或斗蓬的遮盖物
Do you know how to milk a cow?     你知道怎么挤牛奶吗？
Cowards die many times before their death.     懦夫一生要经过许多次死的痛苦。
I have watched many cowboy movies.     我看过许多牛仔片。
example sentence not found
The room has a nice cozy feel.     这房间给人非常温暖舒适的感觉。
example sentence not found
Once the power of a computer is turned on, all the behaviors are under the control of CPU.     计算机一旦通电运行，则所有的行为都要在它的控制之下运行。
It was his misfortune to catch a crab in the last spurt.     他真倒霉，到了最后一刹那竟有一桨没划好。
Don't pour hot water into the glass or it will crack.     别把热水倒进玻璃杯里，不然它会炸的。
The sea is thought to have been the cradle of life.     人们认为海洋曾经是生命的发源地。
By crafts the gambler tricked them out of all their money.     那个赌徒用诡计赢去了他们所有的钱。
We used a crane to lift the huge box into the backyard.     我们使用起重机将这个大箱子搬进了后院。
example sentence not found
The pedals of a cycle are attached to the crank.     自行车的踏板与曲柄相连。
The dishes crashed to the floor.     碗碟哗啦一声掉在地板上.
A large crater formed by volcanic explosion or by collapse of a volcanic cone.     火山口火山爆发而形成的环形山或大山核心部分的崩塌而形成的环形山
The heavy traffic crawled through the narrow tunnel.     拥挤的车辆慢吞吞地穿过狭窄的隧道。
The boys had a craze for collecting stamps.     那些男孩子们热衷于集邮。
She is crazy to go out in this weather.     她简直疯了，这种天气还到外面去。
Have some cream in your coffee.     在你的咖啡里加点奶油吧。
The flaps of his jacket pocket were sewn down so that they did not crease or wrinkle.     他的夹克口袋上的口袋盖给缝上了，这样就不会打皱。
Some people believe that God created the world.     有些人相信上帝创造了世界。
Job creation has become an imperative for the government.     创造就业机会是政府必须做的事。
Painters are creative artists.     画家是具有创造性的艺术家。
Do you know who is the creator of the electric bulb?     你知道谁是电灯的发明者？
He is a creature of habit.     他是个墨守成规的人。
She has the perfect credentials for the job.     她做这工作完全够格.
It seems credible.     这似乎是可信的。
No credit is given at this shop.     这家商店概不赊欠。
The poor man ran away from his creditors.     这个穷人躲避他的债主。
I was really up the creek when I lost my keys.     我丢掉钥匙之后，真正遇到了麻烦。
We crept upstairs so as not to wake the baby.     为了不吵醒婴儿，我们蹑手蹑脚地上了楼梯。
There is a crevice in the wall.     墙上有个裂缝。
The plane crashed, killing all its passengers and crew.     飞机失事了，所有乘客和机组人员都遇难了。
I don't find cricket very exciting.     我觉得打板球没有劲。
Murder is a vile and loathsome crime.     谋杀是邪恶而令人发指的罪行。
Murder and stealing are criminal acts.     谋杀和偷盗都是犯罪行为。
example sentence not found
Relation between the two countries has reached a crisis point.     两国关系已达到出现危机的地步。
I like the delicious salad of crisp lettuce and tomatos.     我喜欢这种脆莴苣和番茄做的沙拉，很好吃。
What are the criteria for deciding (ie How do we decide) who gets the prize?     评定获奖者以什麽作标准?
A gentleman may have money or may sponge on his friends; the criterion of a gentleman is that however poor he may be he still refuses to do useful work.     绅士可能有钱、或者可能依赖朋友过活；绅士的准则是，无论他怎么穷也罢，他依然是拒绝做任何有用的工作的。
Have you read the article written by that famous critic?     你读过那个著名的批评家写的这篇文章吗？
In the current critical climate her work is not popular.     在当前评论风气影响下，她的作品不怎么受欢迎。
I don't like to read his literary criticism.     我不喜欢读他的文学批评。
He criticized my taking risks.     他批评了我的冒险活动。
Presented us with a dry critique.     向我们表述了不带偏见的观点
There are crocodiles in this river.     这条河里有鳄鱼。
The picture on the wall is crooked.     挂在墙壁上的画是歪的。
The flood did a lot of damage to the crops.     洪水毁坏了大量农作物。
If you can't sign your name, make a cross instead.     你如果不会签名，画一个十字也可以。
example sentence not found
The place is marked on the map with a crossing.     那个地方在地图上以十字形记号标出。
He crouched down among the tangled foliage.     他蹲下把身子藏在紊乱的叶丛中。
He gets up at the crow of the rooster every day.     他每天鸡鸣即起。
A crowd gathered at the scene of the fire.     许多人聚集在火灾现场。
I don't like having to navigate London's crowded streets.     我不愿意在伦敦拥挤的街道上穿行。
The full-back's kick carried 50 metres into the crowd.     後卫把球踢出50米远, 射入人群中.
Land belonging to the crown does not belong to the king personally but to the state.     皇室的领地并非属于国王私人所有，而是属于国家的。
Negotiations were at a crucial stage.     谈判正处于一个关键的阶段。
It was crude of him to say that.     他那样说太粗鲁了。
The death of their daughter was a cruel blow.     女儿的死对他们是一个残酷的打击。
His name has becomea byword for cruelty.     他的名字成了残酷无情的别称.
Several privateer often cruise near the entrance of the channel.     几只武装民船经常在这个海峡的进口附近巡航。
She crumb the bread before feeding it to the birds.     她把面包弄碎，然后喂给鸟吃。
Most of the paint had crumbled off.     油漆大都剥落。
He put on a crumpled suit.     他穿上一件皱巴巴的西装。
This machine crushes wheat grain to make flour.     这台机器把麦子磨成面粉。
The snow crusted the lake last night.     昨夜的雪使湖面结了冰。
There were angry cries from the mob.     暴徒们在怒吼。
He dandled the baby to stop it crying.     他逗弄着婴儿，哄他不再哭。
example sentence not found
A cryptographic system in which units of plain text of regular length, usually letters, are arbitrarily transposed or substituted according to a predetermined code.     密码一种密码系统，其中固定长度的明文里的单元，通常为字母，被任意倒置或按事先确定的符号系统替换
example sentence not found
This set of crystal wine cups is very expensive.     这套水晶玻璃酒杯非常昂贵。
Four cubed is sixty-four.     四的立方是六十四。
What's the cubic capacity of this engine?     这台发动机的立体容积是多少？
The cuckoo is the herald of the spring.     杜鹃报春。
I like to eat cucumber sandwiches.     我喜欢吃有黄瓜的三明治。
He said she would be back very soon and, right on cue, she walked in.     他说她很快就回来，说著说著，她走进来了。
The dress pattern doesn't really explain how the cuff joins onto the sleeve.     这个裙样没有真正地示明袖口是怎样与袖子连接在一起的。
Every year the groups of seals that live off our coasts are culled out because they eat too much fish.     每年居住在我们海岸边的海豹都被人挑选一部分杀死，因为它们吃掉的鱼太多。
Their long struggle finally culminated in success.     他们的长期斗争终于取得了胜利。
The hunt is on for the culprit.     正在搜捕该罪犯.
John always tries to cultivate people who are useful to him.     约翰经常设法和对他有用的人结交。
Beijing is a good city for anyone who is interested in culture.     对于喜欢文化艺术的人来说，北京是座很吸引人的城市。
An apparatus for lifting heavy or cumbersome objects.     起重机用来提举重物或难处理物体的设备
It is a cumulative process.     它是一个逐步累积的过程。
He is as cunning as a fox.     他象狐狸一样狡猾。
Would you like a cup of tea?     你想喝茶吗?
I put the dishes in the cupboard.     我把菜放在碗橱里。
She got rattled when she saw the policeman and drove the car up over the curb.     她一看见警察就紧张起来，结果把车开到马路边上了。
The only way to cure backache is to rest.     治疗背痛的唯一办法是休息。
I had to explain the reasons to satisfy his curiosity.     我只好解释原因来满足他的好奇心。
A student should always be curious to learn.     学生应该始终具有强烈的求知欲。
The lovely boy has beautiful blonde curls.     这个可爱的小男孩长着漂亮的金黄色卷发。
The word has attained general currency.     这个词已经通用起来了。
This button switches the current on.     这个电钮接通电流。
Structure a curriculum; structure one's day.     安排课程；对一天进行安排
Our tribe is under a curse.     我们的部落正受诅咒。
She cursed him for ruining her life.     她诅咒他，说他毁了她的一生。
The mouse is a small, handheld object that is pushed around a desktop to move the cursor on the screen or to select choices from menus displayed on the screen.     鼠标是一个可以用手在桌面上推动的小东西，通过它可以在屏幕上移动光标或者选中菜单上的某项功能。
The President had to curtail his visit.     总统不得不缩短他的访问日期。
I drew the curtain as it was getting dark.     天黑了，我把窗帘拉上。
example sentence not found
The car made a sharp curve.     汽车拐了一个急弯。
He lay on the floor with a cushion under his head.     他躺在地板上，头下枕着一个垫子。
One that is employed to look after or take charge of goods, property, or a person; a custodian.     照顾者，看管人被雇来照料或看管货物、财产或人的人；保管人
It took us only a few minutes to get through the Customs.     我们的海关检查只花了几分钟时间。
It's customary to give people gifts on their birthdays.     给人送生日礼物是惯常的事。
The new store across the road has taken away most of my customers.     路那边的那家新店抢走了我的许多主顾。
Customize a van.     定做一辆大马车
How long does it take to get through customs?     海关检查要用多少时间?
Don't cut your finger on the broken glass.     别让碎玻璃割伤你的手。
Many factories have made cutbacks.     许多工厂已经减产了。
It was cute of you to spot that.     你能把那个挑出来真是精明的很。
example sentence not found
The technique of decorating a surface with cutouts, as of paper.     剪贴工艺用从纸上剪下来的图案装饰表面的技艺
He saved many cuttings from newspaper.     他保存了很多剪报。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This is the cycle of economic booms and slumps.     这是经济繁荣和经济萧条的周期变化。
A cyclic code with minimum redundancy used to check errors in a set of characters.     一种用于检查一组字符的错误、并且具有最小冗余度的循环码。
The cyclist was run down by a lorry.     卡车把骑自行车的人撞倒了。
The cylinder is a crucial part of the washing machine.     滚筒是洗衣机必不可少的部分。
His cynical attitude gave us a surprise.     他那愤世嫉俗的态度让我们惊奇。
His dad snuffed it a couple of years ago.     他爸爸两年前就吹灯了.
example sentence not found
I go to the university twice daily.     我每天去那所大学两次。
Milk, butter and cheese are brought in here from dairy farms.     牛奶、奶油、奶酪从牛奶场运到这里。
The village was swept away when the dam burst.     村庄在水坝决堤时被冲走了。
The flood did a lot of damage to the crops.     洪水毁坏了大量农作物。
I don't give a damn.     我一点也不在乎。
The building was cold and damp.     这房子又冷又湿。
Rain put a damper on our picnic plans.     大雨阻止了我们的野餐计划
In a duplicator, a tank that may or may not be an integral part of the machine, providing a reservoir of fluid for the damping system.     复印机中的一个箱体，它可以是也可以不是复印机整体的组成部分，作为减震系统的液体容器。
She loves to dance to music.     她喜欢随着音乐跳舞。
The operation is a success and now the patient is out of danger.     手术成功了，病人现在已脱离危险。
His dog looks dangerous.     他的狗看上去很危险。
How dare you say such a thing?     你怎敢说出这样的话？
Never before have they been so inspired and so daring as at present.     从来没有看见他们像现在这样精神振奋，意气风发。
Some children are afraid of the dark.     有些小孩怕黑。
He turned off the light and the room was in complete darkness.     他关上了灯，室内一片漆黑。
She is a little darling.     她是一个极可爱的小孩。
The sun darts forth its beams.     阳光四射。
In my fury, I dashed all the dishes to the floor.     气愤之下，我把所有的杯盘都摔到地上去了。
In my fury, I dashed all the dishes to the floor.     气愤之下，我把所有的杯盘都摔到地上去了。
Very little data is available.     现有的资料十分不足。
This database is only accessible by the authorized manager.     只有授权的管理员才可以访问此数据库。
I can't date that house exactly, but it must be very old.     我不能确切地说出那所房子的年代，但一定是很古老的。
Very little data is available.     现有的资料十分不足。
Joan of Arc was one of France's greatest daughters.     圣女贞德是法国最伟大的女性之一。
The morning dawned clear after the rain.     雨后的清晨，天一破晓就晴空万里。
He is the man of the day.     他是时下的风云人物。
He was up at daylight.     他天亮就起来了。
After these dry days, everyone hopes for rain.     干燥的天气之后，人人都希望下雨。
You'd better finish your work in daytime.     你最好白天把功课做完。
She was dazzled by her sudden success.     突然的成功使她感到迷惘。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His love for you is dead.     他对你的爱情已不复存在。
It's past the deadline to withdraw.     现在已经过了退课的最后期限了。
The negotiations have reached a deadlock.     谈判陷入僵局。
The conference was deadly dull.     会议开得死气沉沉的.
He turned a deaf ear to all requests for help.     他不理会一切求援的呼吁。
The head injury deafened her for life.     她头部受伤以致终身耳聋.
The meeting will deal with these problems.     本次会议将就这些问题作出处理。
He bought a used car from a car dealer.     他从汽车商那里买了一辆旧汽车。
He was elected the dean of our department.     他被选为我们系的系主任。
He holds life dear.     他珍视生命。
She would dearly like to get that job.     她非常想得到那份工作。
There seems to be a dearth of good young players at the moment.     目前似乎好的年轻选手太少了。
Car accident caused many deaths.     车祸造成很多人死亡。
He debated carefully before he decided.     他慎重考虑后方做决定。
example sentence not found
She/Her account was debited with 50.     在她的帐户借方记入了50英镑.
The sea tided the debris ashore.     潮水把碎片杂物冲上海滩。
We owe you a debt of gratitude for you help.     承蒙帮助，感恩不尽。
The debtor fell delinquent.     债务人逾期不能偿还债务。
Debug a spacecraft before launch; debug a computer program.     发射前排除航天机故障；排除程序中的错误
example sentence not found
Prices have risen steadily during the past decade.     在过去十年里，物价一直在上涨。
The dampness of the climate decayed the books.     气候潮湿，把书都霉坏了。
His deceit is disgusting; he took everybody in!     他的欺诈手段令人憎恶，弄得人人上当！
You are deceiving yourself if you still believe that she loves you.     你如果还相信她爱你，你就是在欺骗自己。
example sentence not found
My little daughter was born in December.     我的小女儿是十二月出生的。
It was decent of her to help the homeless.     她帮助无家可归的人，真是可敬。
Meaningless or deceptive language; humbug.     废话，蠢话无意义或虚伪的话；胡说
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Don't decide on important matters too quickly.     不要过于匆忙地对重要的事情作决定。
I feel decidedly unwell this morning.     我今天上午确实感到不舒服。
The base of a system of numbers, such as2 in the binary system and10 in the decimal system.     基数数字系统的基数，如2是二进制的基数，10是十进制的基数
I can't decipher what is inscribed on the pillar.     我认不出刻在柱子上的是什么。
The judge will give his decision tomorrow.     法官将于明天做出判决。
The injury to their key player could be a decisive factor in the game.     他们主力队员受伤可能是这场比赛胜负的决定性因素。
The sailor suddenly saw a pirate jumping onto the deck.     那水手忽然看到一名海盗跳上了甲板。
Please make a written declaration of all the goods you bought abroad.     请书面申报你在国外购买的全部商品。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The customs asked me if I had anything to declare.     海关人员问我是否有要报税的东西。
The rioting grew worse and the government declared a state of emergency.     骚乱恶化，政府只得宣布进入紧急状态。
I wish prices would decline.     但愿物价下降。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A prism decomposes light.     棱镜可以分解光线。
example sentence not found
We decorated the house for Christmas.     我们装饰房屋过圣诞节。
A decorative or protective covering or cover.     罩子一个装饰性或保护性的罩或盖
He is a painter and decorator.     他是油漆装饰工.
His interest in this subject gradually decreases.     他对这门学科的兴趣逐渐减退。
Interest in the sport is decreasing.     人们对此项运动的兴趣已逐渐淡薄.
The dictator decreed that his birthday would be a public holiday.     该独裁者发布命令，将其生日定为公众假期。
example sentence not found
An old, rickety vehicle, especially a decrepit automobile or aircraft.     破旧汽车，破旧飞机一种用久而破烂的交通工具，尤指破坏了的汽车或飞机
example sentence not found
She dedicated her life to science.     她毕生致力于科学。
Having been consecrated; dedicated.     献身的被献祭的；奉献的
I admire the priest's dedication.     我钦佩这位牧师的奉献精神。
From seeing a doctor leaving a house, you may deduce that someone in the house is ill.     从看见一个医生从一处住所出来，你就可以推断这一家有人生病了。
Tax is deducted from your salary.     税金从你的薪金中扣除。
Net salary is gross salary minus tax and national insurance deduction.     净公司是工资总额减去税收和扣除国民保险。
Deeds are better than words when people are in need of help.     当有人需要救助的时候，行动胜于言语。
He deems it his duty to help his needy friends.     他认为帮助穷朋友是他的义务。
The ship sank deep into the sea.     船深深地沉入了海底。
The night deepened.     夜深了。
We are deeply grateful for your support.     我们深深感谢你的支持。
The white-lipped deer are rare in this area.     白唇鹿在这个地区很罕见。
I default on the installment payment.     我没有付分期应付的款。
Our men were heavily defeated in the battle.     我军在此战役中受到重创。
example sentence not found
A defect in the fuel lines prevented the missile from blasting off.     燃料管路上的一个缺陷妨碍了导弹的发射。
He is mentally defective.     他智力不健全。
The house has all these defects because it was built by cowboys.     这所房屋有这麽多毛病, 其原因就在於承建者都是滑头.
The best defence is offence.     先下手为强/以攻为守。
How can you defend the killing of animals for pleasure?     你怎么能为杀死动物取乐的行为辩护呢？
The defendant is accused of theft.     被告被控偷窃。
The best defense is offense.     先下手为强/以攻为守。
I shall defer replying till I hear from home.     我将等接到家信以后再给你答复。
He shouted defiance words at the enemy.     他大声呼喊着向敌人挑战。
I have a slight calcium deficiency.     我有点缺钙。
The company had a deficit of 5000 dollars.     公司亏空了五千美元。
They that touch pitch will be defiled.     近墨者黑。
example sentence not found
The powers of a judge are defined by law.     法官的权限是由法律规定的。
The workers demand a definite answer.     工人们要求一个明确的答复。
Er views very definitely.     她非常明确地阐述自己的观点。
The photo lacks definition.     这张照片不够清晰。
She's written the definitive history of Vienna.     她写下了权威性的维也纳历史。
The Government decided to deflate.     政府决定紧缩通货.
The ball hit one of the defenders and was deflected into the net.     球射中一名後卫後反弹进网.
The smallest deflection of the missile could bring disaster.     导弹有极微小的偏斜也可能酿出大祸.
His leg was deformed in an accident.     他的腿在一次事故中致畸。
The capacity of a material, such as plastic or metal, to return to a previous shape after deformation.     弹性，恢复能力物质变形后恢复原来形状的能力，如塑料或金属
She was defrauded of her money by a dishonest accountant.     她的钱被一个奸诈的会计骗去了。
She is deft at dealing with reporters.     她善於与记者周旋.
Her beauty defies description.     她的美貌难以形容。
example sentence not found
This degenerate seduced my daughter!     这个道德败坏的人勾引我的女儿!
Being sent to prison was the final degradation.     堕落到最后地步就是被关进监狱。
example sentence not found
Water freezes at 0 degrees Celsius.     水在摄氏零度结冰。
After much delay, he finished his paper at last.     拖了那么久，他终于完成了论文。
example sentence not found
He was elected as a delegate to the annual conference.     他被选为年会代表。
The Muslim delegation is shortly going on a pilgrimage to Mecca.     这个穆斯林代表团很快就要去麦加朝圣了。
Delete his name from the list.     把他的名字从名单上删去。
In word processing, an editing feature in which the system automatically adjusts the right hand margin for insertion or deletion of copy during playback. Word and sometimes page wraparound is automatically performed as needed.     字（词）处理技术中的一种编辑特性，在此特性下，系统在副本中插入或删除后，右边自动对齐。在需要时，系统自动完成卷字和卷页。
He entered the room with deliberate steps.     他从容不迫地走进室内。
I felt his report was deliberately opaque.     我觉得他的报告故意含糊其词。
The international situation is very delicate at present.     目前的国际形势极其微妙。
She can produce delicious meal from very simple ingredients.     她能用简单配料烹调出美味的饭菜。
He delighted the audience with his performance.     他用他的表演使观众喜悦。
He delighted the audience with his performance.     他用他的表演使观众喜悦。
Life in the country is rather delightful.     乡村生活确实让人愉快。
The first chapter delimits her area of research.     第一章阐明了她的研究领域.
example sentence not found
Now she returned to the subject of juvenile delinquency in that country.     现在她又回过来讲那个国家少年犯罪的问题。
The debtor fell delinquent.     债务人逾期不能偿还债务。
Sports fans in delirium after their team's victory.     球迷在他们所支持的球队胜利后的极度兴奋
Newspapers are delivered every day.     报纸每天都送来。
The mother had an easy delivery.     那位母亲生产顺利。
There are fertile fields in the Nile Delta.     尼罗河三角洲土地肥沃。
He deluded her with empty promises.     他用虚假的诺言哄骗了她。
When the snow melts, the mountain stream becomes a deluge.     雪融化时, 山间溪流变成山洪暴发.
This work demands your immediate attention.     这件工作急需你立即处理。
Teaching is a demanding profession.     教学工作是个要求很高的工作。
example sentence not found
The military government promised to restore democracy within one year.     军人政府答应在一年内重新建立民主体制。
The President is a Democrat.     总统是民主党员。
Many people were elected to take part in democratic involvement.     很多人被选举参与民主管理。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They have demolished the slum district.     贫民区已被拆除。
That child is a little demon.     那个孩子是个小捣蛋鬼。
Please demonstrate how the machine works.     请示范机器的使用方法。
She gave us a demonstration of the machine to show how it worked.     她给我们作示范，说明怎样操作这部机器。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The government has issued a denial of an election in May.     政府发表声明否认五月份要进行选举。
The US coin of the lowest denomination is the cent.     美国硬币的最小单位是美分。
A smile often denotes pleasure and friendship.     微笑常常表示高兴和友善。
They denounced him to the police as a criminal.     他们向警方告发他是罪犯。
One or two of the students in my class are a bit dense.     我班上有一两个学生有点迟钝。
The density of population in this city is very high.     这个城市的人口密度非常高。
The doctor told me that I have many dental problems.     医生说我的牙齿问题很多。
The dentist was cleaning and taking out teeth.     牙科医生正在清洁和拔牙。
The accused man denies that he has ever met her.     被告否认他曾经遇到过她。
example sentence not found
The war forced us to depart from the old customs.     战争迫使我们不得不违背旧习俗。
He graduated from History Department.     他毕业于历史系。
We made our departure in the early morning.     我们一大早就起程了。
Children depend on their parents for food and clothing.     小孩依赖他们的父母供给衣食。
Find a job and end your dependence on your parents.     找个工作，别再依赖你的父母了。
The child is dependent on his parents for support.     这个小孩靠他的父母养活。
He listed four dependents on his income-tax form.     他在所得税申报表上填写家属四人。
Her novel depicts life in modern London.     她的小说描写的是伦敦现代的生活。
This expense has depleted our funds.     这笔花费已使我们的资金所剩无几.
example sentence not found
One must deplore their violent behavior.     人人都会强烈反对他们的残暴行为。
The infantry began to deploy at dawn.     步兵黎明时开始进入战斗位置.
He deposited the case in the left luggage office.     他把箱子放在行李寄存处。
The accused has made a deposition.     被告已宣誓作证.
example sentence not found
Depress this button to rewind the tape.     按下这个按钮倒带。
A depression over the Atlantic usually brings bad weather in Britain.     大西洋上空的低气压通常给英国带来恶劣的天气。
What will a student do if he were deprived of his books?     一个学生如果没有了书籍，将怎么办？
I was out of my depth in that class.     在那个班里我跟不上。
I must find someone to act as a deputy for me during my absence.     我必须找一个人，在我离开期间代理我的职务。
example sentence not found
The engine was derailed by a tree lying across the line.     有一棵树横在铁轨上, 造成机车出轨.
Several derelict cars are fished out of the canal every month.     每月都从运河里捞出几辆弃旧汽车。
A line of descent; derivation.     血缘鉴定血统的联系；来历
But, oh, how much I must miss, and how much pleasure you seeing ones can derive from watching and hearing the interplay of speech and movement in the unfolding of a dramatic performance!     但是，啊，我可能失去了多少，你们能看的人从戏剧表演中看动作，听语言的相互作用中产生了多少喜悦！
Armed thieves descended on the helpless travelers.     一群武装盗贼袭击了无依无靠的旅客。
He is a descendant of Queen Victoria.     他是维多利亚女王的后裔。
Armed thieves descended on the helpless travelers.     一群武装盗贼袭击了无依无靠的旅客。
There was a descent of temperature after rain.     雨后气温下降了。
The police asked me to describe exactly how it happened.     警察让我描述一下这事是怎样发生的。
The supermarket sells goods of all descriptions.     超级市场销售各种货物。
A word, symbol, or number used as a descriptor for retrieval of information from a collection, especially in a coordinate indexing system.     用作描述符的一种字、符号或数，用于从某一集合中，特别是从某一配位标引系统中检索信息
Our host descried a gentleman of unusual appearance standing at the far end of the hall.     我们的男主人远远看到有个外表不俗的绅士站在大厅的尽头。
The baby's mother deserted him soon after giving birth.     那个母亲生下他后不久就把他遗弃了。
You've been working all morning---you deserve a rest.     你已经干了一个上午了，该休息一下了。
The thief was given a milder punishment than he deserved.     这小偷受到的惩罚比他应得的轻。
He designed us a beautiful house.     他为我们设计了一所很美的房子。
The chairman has designated that boy as his successor.     主席已经指定那个男孩作他的继承人。
A small, usually rectangular board, used as a game of chance, that contains many holes each filled with a folded slip of paper that when punched out indicates a designated prize, win, or loss.     抽彩盘一种用作赌具盘的通常呈长方形的小盘子，同分布有许多小孔，每个小孔中放有折叠在一起的纸条，纸条被抽出后表明预先指定的价钱、胜利或失败
His official designation is Financial Controller.     他的职称是财务总监.
It isn't really desirable to have him working here.     让他在这里工作其实并不必要。
I am filled with desire to go back home.     我心中充满了回家的渴望。
A process of behavior modification by which a subject comes to associate a desired behavior with a previously unrelated stimulus.     条件作用某一对象逐步将渴望的行为和先前无关的刺激因素联系起来的行为改变过程
There is a desk in the boy's room.     小男孩的房间里有张写字台。
The amount of space, desktop or floor, needed by a computer system or peripheral. Systems and peripherals with smaller footprints have the advantage of leaving more room available for other things.     计算机系统或外设在地板或台上所需要占用的空间面积。具有较小占地面积的系统和外设，其优点是可留出更多的空间留做其它用途。
The rocky, desolate surface of the moon.     月球多石的、荒凉的表面
He gave up the attempt in despair.     他绝望之下放弃了尝试。
We soon despatched the chocolate cake.     我们很快就吃完了巧克力蛋糕。
The desperate look of hunger; a desperate cry for help.     饥饿者脸上那绝望的样子；绝望的呼救声
I despise his refusing to accept responsibility.     他拒不承担责任，我鄙视他。
He came to the meeting despite his illness.     尽管生病，他还是来参加会议。
I like to have ice cream for dessert.     我喜欢在正餐后吃冰淇淋当甜点。
We eventually arrived at our destination.     我们终于到达了目的地。
example sentence not found
Destiny is sometimes cruel.     命运有时是残酷的。
An atom bomb would destroy a city.     一颗原子弹能摧毁一座城市。
It will cause pollution and the destruction of our seas and oceans.     这会引起污染，破坏我们的海洋和江河。
The destructive force of the storm is huge.     暴风雨的破坏力是巨大的。
He detached a link from a chain.     他从链子上拆下一个链环。
He detached a link from a chain.     他从链子上拆下一个链环。
He answered with an air of detachment.     他以超然的神态回答。
He told us the accident in detail.     他详细地把事故讲给我们听。
Please send a detailed resume to our company.     请给我们公司寄一份详细的简历。
I understood the tenor of their conversation but not the details.     我听懂了他们谈话的大意，但没有听懂其中的细节。
The act of detaining.     扣押，拘留拘留的行为
Small quantities of poison were detected in the dead man's stomach.     在死者胃中找到了少量的毒药。
Detectable only by microscopic examination or chemical analysis, as a minute blood sample.     通过显微镜观察测知的只能通过显微镜观察或化学分析才能发现的，如微量的血样
Given that we do not have complete information about animal detection capabilities, we can only guess as to what the animals are actually sensing.     鉴于我们对动物的察觉能力没能完整的资料，对动物真正感觉到什么我们只有推测。
The company hired a detective to investigate the accident.     公司雇佣了一名侦探来调查这次事故。
A device for converting energy form one form to another. In relation to computers, the term is applied to a read/write head, to detector of sector marks in a magnetic disc system, and to electronic/sonic pulse converters of delay line memory.     把能量从一种形式转换成另一种形式的装置。在与计算机有关时，这个术语用在磁盘系统中的读／写磁头、扇面标记的检测上，以及用在延迟线存储器的电子或声波脉冲变换器上。
example sentence not found
Repulse after repulse failed to deter Alec, who persisted day by day, at first with a marriage license and holy words.     苔丝一次又一次的严辞拒绝未能制止亚历克，他整天缠住苔丝，先是用结婚证书和神圣的誓言来说服她。
I've tried this new detergent with excellent results.     我试用了这种新型洗涤剂, 效果很好.
Relation between the two countries have deteriorate sharply in recent week.     最近几周那两个国家间的关系严重恶化了。
The number of rows or columns in a determinant or matrix.     行列数行列式或矩阵中行或列的数目
The police chief spoke of his determination to catch the killer.     警长谈到他决意要抓获凶手。
We determined to go to the railway station at once.     我们决定立刻去火车站。
I am determined to pay him100 dollars.     我决心付给他100美元。
She detests having to talk to people at parties.     她讨厌在宴会上为应酬而和人交谈。
example sentence not found
This tax can not be introduced without detriment to the economy.     这一税收制度一旦施行，必定会危害国民经济。
Smoking is detrimental to health.     吸烟封健康是有害的。
It's unfair to devalue anyone's work unjustly.     不公正地贬低任何人的工作都是不公平的。
Our Embassy was devastated by three bombs of NATO.     我们的使馆被北约的三枚炸弹炸毁了。
The area is subject to devastating seasonal winds.     这个地区常遭破坏性季风的袭击。
The machine developed the same fault again.     这台机器有出现了同样的毛病。
Developer can install ole control onto the palette or choose from among the ole control include in delphi2.0.     开发者们可以把OLE控制安装到调色板上或从包括在Delphi2。0中的OLE控制中选择。
China is a developing country.     中国是一个发展中国家。
This new rose is a development from a very old kind of rose.     这种玫瑰新品种是从一种很早的玫瑰品种进化而来的。
Tending to deviate, as from a normal or recognized type; aberrant.     变异的倾向于偏离，如从一个正常的或被承认了的类型；畸变的
A deviation from a vertical or horizontal line, plane, position, or direction.     倾角来自垂直或水平线、面、位置或方向的偏差
They use television advertising as a device for stimulating demand.     他们利用电视广告作为刺激需求的方法。
There will be the devil to pay.     后果不堪设想。
The government devised a scheme for redeveloping the city center.     政府制定了市中心重建计划。
He devoted himself entirely to music.     他将一生奉献给了音乐。
He works with greater devotion.     他工作得更专心了。
The child devours fairy tales.     这孩子专注地听着童话故事。
The grass was wet with dew.     草被露水打湿了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The doctor diagnosed measles.     医生诊断出麻疹.
The two doctors made different diagnosis of my disease.     两位医生对我的病作出了不同的诊断。
Diagnostic imaging in which ultrasound is used to visualize an internal body structure or a developing fetus.     超声波扫描术利用超声波来显示耳体结构或胚胎发育情况的诊断用的成像法
A person who diagnoses, especially a physician specializing in medical diagnostics.     诊断医生做出诊断的人，尤指做出医学诊断的医生
The wood surface of the furniture is full of diagonal stripes.     这件家具的木头表面上布满了斜纹。
example sentence not found
She gave me a diagram of railway network.     她给了我一张铁路网图解。
Put in the money before dialing.     拨电话前先把钱放进去。
Do you speak Sichuan dialect?     你会说四川话吗？
That's all there is to make a speed dial call.     在那里全部要进行快速拨号呼叫。
The writer is not very good at writing dialogs.     这个作家不太擅长写对白。
At last there can be a reasonable dialogue between our two governments.     我们两国最后终于能理智地进行对话了。
example sentence not found
This lens can magnify 20 diameter.     这个透镜能放大20倍。
She wears a diamond ring on her left hand.     她左手上戴着一枚钻石戒指。
The diaphragm is between the chest and the abdomen.     横隔膜位于胸腔与腹部之间。
I keep a diary every day.     我每天记日记。
He was dictating a letter to his secretary.     他在向秘书口授信稿。
On dictation equipment, a device for removing a recording from the recording medium.     在口述记录设备上，用来除去记录媒体上记录的一种装置。
Hitler is a notorious dictator.     希特勒是一个臭名昭著的独裁者。
Please pass the dictionary to me.     请把字典递给我。
His secret died with him, for he never told anyone.     他的秘密至死也不为人知，因为他从未告诉过别人。
The steam locomotives were superseded by diesel units.     蒸汽机车已被柴油内燃机车所取代。
Proper diet and exercise are both important for health.     适当的饮食和运动对身体健康都很重要。
We differ about moral standards.     我们对道德标准看法不一致。
Flowers make no difference to this room.     这房间有没有花没什么区别。
He's a different man from what he was 10 years ago.     他和十年前不一样。
Can you differentiate between the two varieties?     你能辨别这两个品种吗?
She is just being difficult.     她正在闹别扭呢。
He finished the work without any difficulty.     他轻而易举地完成了这项工作。
The light was diffused by the leaves.     树叶使光线漫射。
You are just digging your own grave if you go on smoking so heavily.     你继续这样大量吸烟，就是在自掘坟墓。
It took me some time to digest what I had heard.     我花了一些时间才把听到的东西弄明白。
He has a good digestion.     他消化能力很强。
She suffered from digestive trouble.     她患有消化系统疾病。
In the decimal form of a number, a digit that is not significant.     占位符号在一个数的小数形式中，没有意义的数字
Most of the computers we are using are digital computers.     我们正在使用的计算机大多数是数字计算机。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The real dignity of a man lies in what he is, not in what he has.     一个人的真正尊严在于他的品格，而非他的财富。
Solidifying chiefly as a minor intrusion, especially as a dike or sill, before reaching the earth's surface. Used of rocks.     半深成的，浅成的在到达地球表面之前的主要作为小型岩石群固化的，尤其象岩脉或岩床的凝固用于指岩石
The house is very dilapidated but it has possibilities.     这房子已破旧不堪, 但还有可利用的价值.
The cat dilated its eyes in the darkness.     猫在黑暗中睁大眼睛。
Faced with that dilemma, he was perplexed.     他面对进退两难的局面，不知如何是好。
Their students are diligent about their studies.     他们的学生勤奋学习。
An inert substance used to dilute.     稀释剂一种惰性物质
The light was too dim for me to read easily.     光线太暗，我看书有困难。
on someone's dime     由某人付费
Time is sometimes called the fourth dimension.     时间有时被称为第四度空间。
A cube is a three-dimensional object.     立方体是三维物体。
example sentence not found
He likes to diminish the skills of others.     他喜欢贬低别人的技能。
The lamp threw out a dim light.     灯发出暗淡的光。
They were unable to sleep because of the din coming from the bar.     酒吧里传来的喧闹声吵得他们无法入睡。
My friend invited me to dine out.     我的朋友邀请我出去吃饭。
He lives in a dingy room.     他住在一个肮脏的屋子里。
It's time for dinner.     该吃晚饭了。
He succeeded by dint of hard work.     他通过辛勤努力才获得成功。
A diode is used as a rectifier.     二极管用作整流器。
Plants can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen.     植物可以吸收二氧化碳释放氧气。
The land dips gently to the south.     地面缓缓向南倾斜。
Diphtheria is a serious infectious disease.     白喉是一种严重的传染病。
example sentence not found
He obtained a diploma in architecture.     他获得了建筑学的学位证书。
The defeat constitutes a major set-back for our diplomacy.     这次失败是我们外交上的重大挫折。
The diplomat solved the international problem by negotiating.     外交官通过谈判解决了那个国际问题。
They can't be prosecuted for this offence - they have diplomatic immunity.     他们不会因这次违法行为而受到检控 - 他们享有外交豁免权。
It is a better book to dip into than to read from cover to cover.     这本书随便翻阅一下还可以，不值得从头到尾读一遍。
He directed the building of the new bridge.     他主持修建这座桥的建筑工程。
Which direction does your room face?     你的房间面向哪个方向？
example sentence not found
He answered me very directly and openly.     他非常直接坦率地回答了我。
The director told the actress to have a rest.     导演叫这名女演员休息一下。
The telephone directory gives people's names, addresses, and telephone numbers.     电话号码簿提供人名、地址和电话号码。
Wash the dirt off your hands.     把你手上的泥污洗掉。
They sat drinking and telling dirty stories.     他们坐在那里，边喝酒边讲下流故事。
A physical or mental disability.     身心的缺陷体力或智力上的无能
He was disabled from walking by the accident.     由于车祸，他不能走路了。
This book sentimentalizes the suffering of the disabled.     这本书以柔懦的笔调渲染了残疾人的痛苦。
If you don't speak good English, you'll be at a big disadvantage when you try to get a job.     你要是英语讲得不好，找工作时就会处于非常不利的地位。
example sentence not found
I disagree with you on this point.     我不同意你的意见。
Divergence or disagreement, as between facts or claims; difference.     矛盾，不相符不符合或不一致，如在事实和宣称之间；差异
The judge disallowed that evidence.     法官驳回那项证据。
My wallet has disappeared from the table.     我放在桌子上的钱包不见了。
The act or an instance of gradually diminishing in brightness, loudness, or strength until actual disappearance occurs.     逐渐消失在亮度、响度或精力上逐渐减弱直至全部消失的活动或例子
The result disappointed him.     结果使他失望。
The condition or feeling of being disappointed.     失望，扫兴失望的状态或沮丧的感觉
He expressed keen disappointment that the hearing had been postponed.     他对听证会延期表示大为沮丧。
He shook his head in disapproval.     他摇了摇头表示反对。
Father disapproved of our marriage.     父亲不同意我们俩人的婚事。
We didn't trust him at first, but his charming manner completely disarmed us.     我们开始时并不信任他，但他令人愉快的举止完全消除了我们的疑虑。
Changing offices has left my papers in complete disarray.     办公室搬迁, 使我的文件全部乱了套了.
Disassemble a toaster.     拆卸烤面包炉
They had led the country into economic disaster.     他们把国家带入了经济灾难中。
The new system has had a disastrous effect on productivity.     新制度已对生产力造成了灾难性的影响。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I have many discs.     我有许多唱片。
He discarded his winter clothing.     他把冬天穿的衣服都脱掉了。
History discarded him.     他被历史所抛弃。
He was just able to discern the road from the dark.     他在黑暗中只能勉强辨认出道路。
The judge discharged the prisoner.     法官把囚犯释放了。
A governing, advisory, or disciplinary body of some colleges and universities composed of faculty members and sometimes student representatives.     大学评议会某些学院和大学中由全体教员及有学衔的行政人员，有时还有学生代表，组成的管理，顾问，或纪律机构
She never disciplines her children and they are uncontrollable.     她从不管教自己的孩子，弄得他们无法无天。
The manufacturers disclaim all responsibility for the damage caused by misuse.     因使用不当造成的损坏，生产厂家不负任何责任。
I have no intention of disclosing their names.     我无意泄露他们的姓名。
This disco is a magnet for young people.     这家迪斯科舞厅经常吸引大批年轻的顾客.
Discolored, as from a bruise; black-and-blue.     青黑色的尤指由于瘀伤而变色的；青黑色的
She still suffers considerable discomfort from her injury.     她因那次受伤至今仍感不适。
If you don't pay your bills they'll disconnect your electricity/gas.     若不付费用, 就要停止供应电力[煤气].
example sentence not found
I'm so busy that I have to discontinue weekly visits.     我很忙，所以不得不中断每周的访问。
He's been a source of discord and worry.     他成为不和和烦恼的根源。
Mary wore handsome go-go boots to the discotheque last night.     玛丽穿着一双入时的马靴参加昨晚的舞会。
The discount was very huge.     折扣的幅度非常大。
I was never discouraged against learning English.     我从未对学习英语失去信心。
The judges had solemn discourse together.     法官们在一起严肃地交谈。
She discovered the joy of writing.     她感到了写作的乐趣。
A collector of rare insects will show us some of his latest discoveries.     一位稀有昆虫采集家将给我们看一些他的最新发现。
It was not discreet of you to say that.     你那样说有欠考虑。
Before changes were mad in the law, some prostitutes literally went on the streets. Now, they operate more discreetly from bars and clubs.     在法律未修改之前，一些妓女直接在街上拉客；现在，他们偷偷摸摸地活动在酒吧或夜总会了。
The price tag says$100 and you charged me for$120; how do you explain the discrepancy?     ＂货物标签上写的是一百美元，你向我索价一百二十美元，这个差异该怎么解释？＂
Any of several devices that convert incident electromagnetic radiation of mixed frequencies to one or more discrete frequencies of highly amplified and coherent ultraviolet, visible, or infrared radiation.     激光器使偶然的混杂频率的电磁辐射，变为一个或更多的高度强化和连续的紫外线、可见光或红外线辐射的分离频率仪器中的一种
The hours of the meetings will be fixed at the monitor's discretion.     开会时间将由班长自行决定。
example sentence not found
People should not be discriminated against.     人们不应该被区别对待。
We are strongly opposed to racial discrimination.     我们强烈反对种族歧视。
example sentence not found
They said they had an important matter to discuss with you.     他们说有要事与你相商。
When will the matter come up for discussion?     这件事什么时候提出来讨论？
He disdained that man for snobbishness and was unwilling to talk to him.     他鄙视那个势利小人，不愿和他说话。
Many diseases are caused by bacteria.     许多疾病是由细菌引起的。
The diseased trees are marked by protuberances on their bark.     有病的树木可由其树皮上的结节看出.
He fell into disgrace with his companions.     他的朋友都看不起他。
This newspaper article is a disgraceful intrusion into my private life.     报纸上的这篇文章是对我私生活的侵扰，这种做法很不光彩。
His illness was a blessing in disguise, because he afterwards married his nurse.     他生病倒是因祸得福，因为后来他和他的护士结了婚。
He returned downstairs in disgust.     他厌恶地转身下楼。
example sentence not found
His favorite dish is roast duck.     他最喜欢吃的菜是烤鸭。
He is a dishonest merchant.     他是一个不诚实的商人。
He was a dishonor to his regiment.     他是那个团的耻辱。
He is ashamed for his former dishonorable action.     他对他以前不光彩的行为感到羞愧。
She still believes in Santa Claus and it would be cruel to disillusion her.     她仍然相信有圣诞老人, 要是使她这一幻想破灭就於心不忍了.
Overloading his stomach with a heavy meal, he was disinclined for any serious work.     吃了不易消化的东西，他不愿去干那些难做的工作。
example sentence not found
Disinfectant kills germs.     消毒剂灭杀细菌。
example sentence not found
The breakdown and disintegration of organic tissue.     组织溶解器官组织的分解和破坏
example sentence not found
I have many disks.     我有许多唱片。
In System/32, the system processing that prepares a diskette file for processing.     在IBMSystem／32中，为处理准备一个软盘文件的系统操作。
He dislikes dogs.     他不喜欢狗。
He dislikes dogs.     他不喜欢狗。
Flights have been dislocated by thefog.     大雾将飞机的班次搅乱了.
He was disloyal to his country.     他对祖国不忠。
He was/felt deeply wounded by their disloyalty.     因为他们不忠, 他十分伤心.
We were all depressed by the dismal weather.     阴沉的天气让我们都感到压抑。
To my dismay, he made the same mistakes.     使我惊讶的是，他又犯了同样的错误。
If you are late again, you will be dismissed.     如果你再迟到，你将被解雇。
His rash dismissal of the offer annoyed me.     他对该提议轻率的拒绝激怒了我。
Two soldiers dismounted the gun from the base.     两个战士把炮从底座上卸下来。
He disobeyed his mother and went to the party.     他不听母亲的劝告，参加了那次聚会。
Anxiety may disorder the stomach.     忧虑可能会引起胃部不适。
Rich and poor live side by side but in conditions of extraordinary disparity.     虽然富人和穷人住在一起，但是条件相差极为悬殊。
We soon dispatched the chocolate cake.     我们很快就吃完了巧克力蛋糕。
example sentence not found
The company is trying to dispel rumour about a take-over.     公司力图澄清有关接管的流言。
The doctor dispensed a prescription to his patient.     医生开处方给病人配药。
The police dispersed the crowd.     警方驱散群众。
The indigenous population was soon displaced by the settlers.     没过多久，外来移民就把当地人赶出了家园。
A specialized sensory end organ that responds to mechanical stimuli such as tension, pressure, or displacement.     机械性刺激感受器对机械性刺激，如抗力、压力或位移作出反应的神经末梢器官
The bestsellers were sold out before they were displayed.     这些畅销书尚未陈列就卖光了。
Her husband's failure to notice her new hairstyle displeased her very much.     她丈夫没注意到她的新发型，这使她大为不悦。
I incurred her displeasure by refusing the invitation.     我因拒绝邀请而惹怒了她。
He has a large number of reference books at his disposal.     他有大量的参考书可供使用。
Hardship disposes man to meet adversity.     艰苦能让人适应逆境。
The chance of promotion disposed him to accept the offer.     有晋升的机会使他有意接受该提议。
They showed a disposition to sign the contract.     他们表示有签订合同的意愿。
They are disputing about the rights and wrongs of the case.     他们正在激烈争论这个事件的是非曲直。
He disregarded his doctor's advice.     他无视医生的劝告。
His speech disrupted the meeting.     他的讲演使会场陷入混乱。
The police detained several suspects for questioning. The disruptive students were detained after school until their parents had been notified.     警察拘留了许多疑犯进行审问，捣乱的学生在放学后被拘禁了，直到通知他们的家长
Private members voice public dissatisfaction at have to pay higher taxes.     下议院议员道出了公众对增加税收的不满。
I'm thoroughly dissatisfied with your work.     我完全不满意你的工作。
example sentence not found
They use the press to disseminate right-wing views.     他们利用报刊来传播右翼观点.
example sentence not found
I'm working my notes up into a dissertation.     我正在把我的笔记修改成论文。
Similarity of structure between organs or parts, possibly of dissimilar function, that are related by common descent.     同构发生，同源发生源于同一祖先，可能功能不同的器官或部分在结构上的相似
He soon dissipated his fortune.     他很快就把财产浪费光了。
Given over to dissipation; dissolute.     放荡的沉迷于挥霍无度的；放荡的
He obtained the dissolution of his marriage with her.     他解除了和她的婚姻。
The parliament was dissolved.     议会解散了。
My house is four miles distance from the sea.     我家离海四英里。
He is a distant cousin of mine.     他是我的一位远房表亲。
Having eyes with greatly distended pupils.     眼珠暴突的具有带有膨大的瞳孔的眼睛的
Water can be made pure by distilling it.     水可以通过蒸馏而提纯。
Water can be made pure by distilling it.     水可以通过蒸馏而提纯。
Purification of water may be achieved by distillation.     水的净化可由蒸馏获得。
There is a distinct posibility that she'll be your teacher next term.     她下学期当你们的老师的可能性非常大。
He passed the examination with distinction.     他以优异成绩通过考试。
Soldiers wear a distinctive uniform.     士兵们穿着特制的制服。
He spoke very distinctly.     他说话十分清晰。
He distinguished himself by his courage.     他因英勇而扬名。
Premier Zhou is a distinguished politician.     周总理是一位卓越的政治家。
You have distorted my motives.     你曲解了我的动机。
A distortion of shape.     变形形状的扭曲
The film managed to distract me from these problems for a while.     这部影片分散了我的注意力, 让我暂时忘记了这些难题.
The child's continual crying drove me to distraction.     那孩子不断的哭声弄得我几乎要发狂。
example sentence not found
What are you looking so distressed for?     什么事情使你看起来如此烦恼？
The mother distributed candy among children.     母亲给孩子们发糖果。
The mother distributed candy among children.     母亲给孩子们发糖果。
The distribution of the magazine is 2000.     该杂志的销售量为2000份。
The meeting with the German distributor has been advanced from11: 00 to9: 30.     与德国销售人员的会晤由11：00提前到9：30。
He lives in a mountainous district.     他住在山区。
He put his oars in the water and disturbed the smooth surface of the lake.     他把桨放入水中，搅乱了平静的湖面。
The noise of cars passing along the road is a continual disturbance to our quiet at home.     马路上来往的车辆声音不断地破坏我们家的安宁。
He's constantly disturbing me.     他老是打扰我.
example sentence not found
Here are some words that have fallen into disuse.     这是一些废弃不用的词。
The frog jumped into the ditch.     青蛙跳进了沟里。
Stop dithering about which film you want to see or you'll miss them both!     到底看哪一部影片, 别再犹豫了, 不然的话, 两部影片你都要耽误了!
Stop dithering about which film you want to see or you'll miss them both!     到底看哪一部影片, 别再犹豫了, 不然的话, 两部影片你都要耽误了!
I shall act ditto.     我将同样办理。
Coffee is a diuretic.     咖啡是一种利尿剂.
The eagle dived down on the rabbit.     那只鹰向兔子猛扑下来。
The young diver is working under the water with a diving suit.     潜水员穿着潜水衣正在水下工作。
Our views diverged so greatly that it was impossible to agree.     我们的观点存在着严重的分歧，绝无调和余地。
A point of divergence, especially one of great moment.     转折点分岔点，尤指需要作出重大决择的时刻
A divergent section of a river, especially near the mouth.     河流分支河流的分岔部分，特别是近河口地区
Her interests are very diverse.     她的兴趣非常广泛。
I think your last argument was a diversion to make us forget the main point.     我认为你最后的那个论点是在转移目标，以便我们忘掉要点。
We should get a thorough understanding about the cultural diversity of the United States.     我们应该对美国文化的多样性有一个全面的了解。
I found a computer game to divert the children.     我发现了一种供孩子娱乐的电脑游戏。
She divided the food into four equal shares.     她把食物分成相同的四份。
The company declared a large dividend at the end of the year.     公司在年底宣布分发高额股息。
example sentence not found
My mother asked me to attend divine service.     我妈妈要求我做礼拜。
example sentence not found
The divisions between the various classes of society are not so sharply marked as they used to be.     现在社会上各阶级的区分不象过去那样明显了。
example sentence not found
She got a divorce after years of unhappiness.     经过多年的不幸之后，她终于离了婚。
A fit of dizziness came over her.     她感到一阵头晕目眩.
The room was so hot that she felt dizzy.     房间里热得她头晕目眩。
example sentence not found
I do miss you.     我真想念你啊！
They have docked us of two days of our annual leave.     他们已从我们每年的休假里扣除了两天。
He is a Doctor of Philosophy.     他是一位哲学博士。
Christian and Muslim doctrines are very different.     基督教教义和穆斯林教义极为不同。
Let me see all the official documents concerning the sale of this land.     让我看看买卖这块土地的所有官方文件。
There was some marvellous wildlife photography in the documentary.     这部记录片里有些绝妙的野生动物镜头。
For netmeeting instructions refer to microsoft's documentation or online help.     关于NetMeeting指南，可参考Microsoft文档或在线帮助。
He dodged the falling rock and escaped unhurt.     他闪身躲过了滚落的岩石，安然脱险了。
Love me, love my dog.     爱屋及乌。
A freelance photographer who doggedly pursues celebrities to take candid pictures for sale to magazines and newspapers.     猎奇摄影者为了偷拍镜头卖给杂志和报纸的顽强地追踪某些庆祝活动的自由摄影者
Saying is one thing, and doing is another.     说是一回事，做又是另一回事。
After she lost a leg, she went on the dole.     在她失去一条腿后，她开始登记领取救济金。
My daughter has many beautiful dolls.     我女儿有许多漂亮的洋娃娃。
Can you lend me five dollars?     你能借给我五美元吗？
We like to see the performance of dolphins.     我们喜欢看海豚的表演。
The kitchen is my wife's domain, she doesn't like me going into it.     厨房是我妻子的领地，她不愿让我进去。
The dome of St. Paul Cathedral is well known in the world.     圣保罗教堂的圆顶闻名于世。
He has had many domestic troubles.     他有许多家庭纠纷。
He's become a lot more domesticated since his marriage.     他婚後已非常恋家了.
Dominance by location; extent of view.     控制定位控制；观察的范围
Peace was the dominant theme of the conference.     和平是大会的首要议题。
He has authority, but he doesn't try to dominate others.     他有权威，但并不想控制别人。
I can donate one hundred dollars at best.     我充其量只能捐助100美元。
A wealthy sponsor came to our rescue with a generous donation.     有个富有的赞助人慷慨捐赠来解救我们.
He is as stubborn as a donkey.     他像驴子一样倔强。
example sentence not found
People sent the criminal to his doom.     人们将这个罪犯处死。
Open the door, please.     请把门打开。
The doors of the palace were made of beaten gold.     宫殿的门由金箔做成。
She stood in the doorway, unable to decide whether to go in.     她站在门口，拿不定主意是否进去。
How come everyone at the dorm talk on the phone so long?     为什么住在宿舍在学生打电话都打那么久？
A protective case, covering, or structure, such as a plant bud, in which an organism remains dormant for the winter.     离体条芽一种保护性的外壳、表皮或结构，例如植物的芽，在其内部一个有机体处于冬眠状态
A small sleeping compartment, especially within a dormitory.     小卧室小卧室，尤指宿舍内的小卧室
Come on, fair dos you've had a long go on the computer and now it's my turn.     行了, 机会均等--你用计算机已经很长时间了, 现在该轮到我了.
In the accident, the workers received a heavy dose of radiation.     在这次事故中，工人受到大剂量的辐射。
The train arrived on the dot of three o'clock.     那辆火车三点钟准时到达。
He is my double, though we are not related.     我们两人虽然没有亲缘关系，他却和我长得一模一样。
A fold in cloth made by doubling the material upon itself and then pressing or stitching it into place.     褶皱衣服上的褶，通过将衣服的材料对折叠，然后在衣料上再压紧或缝在一起而制成
There is no doubt that we will be successful.     毫无疑问我们会成功的。
Because of a long drought, the farmers are doubtful about the prospect of a good yield.     因为长时间的干旱，农民们对于好收成的前景是怀疑的。
John will doubtless come early as he always does.     约翰无疑会像平时一样很早就来。
She is kneading dough.     她正在揉面。
No, I'm going to the snack bar to get a doughnut and some milk.     不，我要到小吃店买一个油炸圈饼和一些牛奶。
The dove is the symbol of peace.     鸽子是和平的象征。
The tears ran down her cheeks.     泪水沿着她的面颊流下。
example sentence not found
A deep ditch or channel cut in the earth by running water after a prolonged downpour.     隘谷，冲沟长期的倾盆大雨冲击地面之后形成深的沟壑或沟渠
She was ill and stayed in the downstairs bedroom for a whole day.     她病了，在楼下的卧室里呆了一整天。
Downstream the river twists and turns a lot.     这条河的下游弯弯曲曲.
We will go downtown tomorrow.     明天我们去市中心。
The monkey was hanging head downwards from the branch.     猴子头向下倒挂在树枝上。
The monkey was hanging head downwards from the branch.     猴子头向下倒挂在树枝上。
I had a quick doze on the train.     我在火车上打了一会儿瞌睡。
My mother bought a dozen eggs.     我妈妈买了一打鸡蛋。
He drew a draft of the car.     他画了一张汽车的草图。
The protesters were dragged away by the police.     抗议者被警察拖走了。
Dragons are described as monsters in most western countries.     在大多数西方国家，龙被认为是怪物。
This country is being drained of its best talents.     这个国家最优秀的人才在不断外流。
The drainage system has been aged.     排水系统已经老化了。
He is very fond of his dram.     他喜欢喝一点酒。
I have no interest in drama.     我对戏剧不感兴趣。
Her opening words were dramatic.     她的开场白十分动听。
The story begins dramatically but the plot peters out before the end.     这故事有些虎头蛇尾.
The dramatist was respected by people in his country.     这个剧作家受到了本国人民的尊敬。
The affair was dramatized by the press.     新闻界把事情夸大了。
Drastic measures will have to be taken to restore order.     为恢复秩序必须采取严厉措施.
That film was a great draw.     那部影片很叫座。
example sentence not found
Everything has its drawbacks.     凡事都有不足之处。
He locked his diary in the upper drawer.     他把日记锁在上层抽屉里。
You jogged my elbow and spoiled what I was drawing.     你撞到了我的手肘，弄坏了我正在画的图画。
The Jews lived in dread of being caught.     这些犹太人生活在会遭到拘捕的恐惧之中。
Something dreaded or despised.     恐惧的事物；讨厌的事物
We are waiting for God's dreadful judgement.     我们在等待上帝令人生畏的审判。
He thinks she is in love with him, but it's only a dream.     他以为她爱上他，但只是梦想而已。
It is very dreary to do the same job everyday.     每天都做同样工作是很单调的。
The poster wouldn't stick even though I drenched it with glue.     我涂了大量胶水，可那张海报就是贴不住。
She always dresses in black.     她总穿着黑衣服。
A nurse came to put on a clean dressing for him.     一位护士来给他包上干净的绷带。
The road was edged with snow drifts.     路边上有一个个雪堆。
The dentist's drill made a lot of noise.     牙钻发出很大的噪音。
A hole or passage made by or as if by use of a drill.     钻孔，打洞用或似用钻打孔或通道
He doesn't smoke or drink.     他不抽烟也不喝酒。
The rainwater drips from the eaves.     雨水从屋檐滴下。
Don't drink and drive.     别喝了酒开车。
The bus driver asked the passengers to buy tickets.     公共汽车司机要求乘客买票。
Dangerous driving should be severely punished.     危险驾驶应受严惩。
The flowers were drooping for want of water.     这些花因缺水而凋萎。
He likes to eat chocolate drops.     他喜欢吃巧克力糖球。
example sentence not found
My disease is an asthma and a dropout and, what is less curable, seventy- five.     我的病是气喘和水肿，还有无可救药的是七十五（岁）。
We have not enough food to eat because of the drought.     因为旱灾，我们没有足够的食物可吃。
The band drowned our conversation.     乐队的演奏声把我们谈话的声音淹没了。
Oh, no! Looks like they catch me drowse.     喔，糟了。他们好像发觉我在打瞌睡。
Washing machines take the drudgery out of laundry.     洗衣机把洗衣工作带出了洗衣房。
The man formed a habit of taking harmful drugs.     这人养成了服用有害麻醉品的习惯。
A place where drugs are sold; a drugstore.     药房，药店出售药品的地方；药店
He drummed on the table with his fingers.     他用手指咚咚地敲打着桌子。
He is slightly drunk.     他有些醉了。
She divorced with her husband because she found him a drunkard.     她和丈夫离婚了，因为她发现他是个酒鬼。
The book is as dry as dust.     这本书枯燥无味。
She put her clothes in the dryer, so she could wear them this afternoon.     她把衣服放在干衣机里，这样她下午就能穿这些衣服了。
She has dual nationality.     她有双重国籍。
The papers dubbed them The Fab Four'.     报刊给他们起了个绰号叫｀四绝＇.
I feel dubious about what to do next.     我不知道下一步该怎么办。
She had to duck her head to get through the low doorway.     她不得不低下头才能穿过低矮的门口。
Her baby is due next week.     她的宝宝预计在下个月出世。
The duke ordered the servant to send a letter to the king.     公爵命令仆人把一封信送给国王。
This book is rather dull.     这本书很枯燥。
Your suggestion has been duly noted.     你的建议已受到注意。
We were struck dumb with horror and grief.     惊恐和忧伤使我们哑口无言。
A crude figure or dummy representing a hated person or group.     雕像代表可憎的人或一群人的粗糙的图象或木偶
Just dump everything over there.     先把东西堆在那边。
A fine for dumping trash on public land; dumped the extra gear overboard.     因在公用土地上倾倒垃圾而受的罚款；把多余的装备丢到船外
Animal dung may be used as manure.     动物的粪便可以作为肥料使用。
The poor peasant was thrown into a dungeon.     那个可怜的农民被投进了地牢。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
One who is easily swindled; a dupe.     傻瓜容易上当受骗的人；易被愚弄的人
example sentence not found
This research merely duplicates work already done elsewhere.     这项研究仅仅是重复别人已经做过的工作。
We must avoid wasteful duplication of effort.     我们必须避免无谓的重复劳动.
In a duplicator, a tank that may or may not be an integral part of the machine, providing a reservoir of fluid for the damping system.     复印机中的一个箱体，它可以是也可以不是复印机整体的组成部分，作为减震系统的液体容器。
Durability is one yardstick of quality.     耐久性是质量好坏的一个尺度.
This pair of shoes is durable.     这双鞋很耐磨。
He finished the work of three years' duration.     他用三年的时间完成了这项工作。
He swims every day during the summer.     他夏天每天游泳。
He usually goes out for a walk at dusk.     他通常在黄昏时出去散步。
The car raised quite a dust as we drove off.     我们走时车子扬起了一阵尘土。
Please put all your sweet wrappers in the dustbin.     请把你们的糖纸都放进垃圾箱里去。
The dusty road made the travelers dusty too.     满是尘土的路弄得行人也满面尘土了。
Do Dutch people really go Dutch at a restaurant?     荷兰人在饭馆吃饭时真的各自付帐吗？
Heavy duties on imports and exports are a barrier to international trade.     进出口的高关税是国际贸易的障碍。
It's my duty to help you.     帮你忙是我份内该做的事。
The kind dwarf asked the little princess to have dinner with him.     善良的小矮人邀请小公主和他一起吃晚饭。
He decided to dwell on our island.     他决定到我们的岛上居住。
Dwellers here live a happy life now.     现在这里居民的生活很幸福。
He changed his dwelling recently.     他最近搬了家。
My money had dwindled away.     我的钱渐渐花光了。
A good dye will not fade.     染得好的颜色不会褪色。
The little girl cried when she saw her dying cat.     看到快死的小猫，小女孩哭了。
We are looking for dynamic persons to be salesmen.     我们正在寻找充满活力的销售人员。
example sentence not found
How many dynasties are there in China's history?     中国历史上有多少个朝代？
example sentence not found
Many people think they have religion when they are merely troubled with dyspepsia.     许多人，当他们只是在患消化不良之时，却以为自己有了宗教信仰。
Each man has his own name.     每个人都有自己的名字.
He is eager for you to meet his friends.     他热切希望你见见他的朋友。
She has a strong eagerness for success.     她热切地渴望成功。
The eagle is his favorite bird.     鹰是他最喜欢的鸟类。
Don't shout into my ears like that, I can hear you perfectly well.     别那样对我大声嚷嚷，我能听清楚。
The earl lives in a castle.     伯爵住在一座古堡里。
It's too early for getting up.     现在起床还太早。
example sentence not found
His skill in negotiating earned him a reputation as a shrewd tactician.     他的谈判技巧使他赢得了精明战略家的名声。
I'm sure he was earnest when he said he would come.     我相信他说他会来是认真的。
I've spent all my earnings.     我把赚的钱都花光了。
example sentence not found
The earth in the garden is good, soft soil.     花园里的泥土松软肥沃。
His grandfather gave her an earthenware bowl.     他的祖父给了她一个陶碗。
You haven't an earthly chance.     你根本没有机会。
The San Francisco earthquake was one of the worst catastrophes of the century.     旧金山地震是世纪性的灾难之一。
I don't feel at ease in the strange place.     在这个陌生的地方，我觉得很不自在。
She is easily the best lawyer in the city.     她无疑是本市最好的律师。
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.     太阳从东方升起，在西方落下。
Each of my cousins received an Easter egg on Easter Day.     我的表兄弟们每人在复活节都得到了一枚复活节彩蛋。
China is an eastern country.     中国是一个东方国家。
He walked eastward.     他向东走去。
The hospital is on the eastward slope of the hill.     医院在小山的东坡。
We talk about reducing our costs, but it's easier said than done.     我们谈如何降低成本，但说起来容易，做起来就难了。
The Chinese eat with chopsticks.     中国人用筷子吃饭。
Painting was then at its lowest ebb.     那时绘画艺术非常不景气。
The club seemed full of eccentrics.     这个俱乐部里好象都是怪人。
One of his eccentricities is sleeping under the bed instead of on it.     他的怪僻之一是睡觉睡在床底下而不睡在床上.
His voice echoed in the big empty hall.     他的声音在空荡的大厅里发出回声。
Our happiness was soon eclipsed by the terrible news.     我们的快乐没多久就被可怕的消息蒙上了一层阴影。
The destruction of these big forests could have serious ecological consequences.     这些大森林的毁坏会带来生态上的严重后果。
He started to study ecology and decided to devote his whole life to the science.     他开始研究生态学，并决心将他的一生献身于这门科学。
Do you know the economic policy of this year?     你知道今年的经济政策吗？
She is economical in her use of salt when cooking.     她烹饪时用盐很少。
Economically, the country is in a very healthy state.     从经济学的观点来说，国家处于很兴旺的状态之中。
A manager has to learn some economics if he wants to improve his management.     一个管理人员要想改善管理的话，就必须学点经济学。
Our electricity bills are higher than we can afford we must start to economize.     我们的电费已经高得付不起了--得节省些了.
We are trying to make a few economies.     我们正想办法节省一些。
An organism, often a bacterium or fungus, that feeds on and breaks down dead plant or animal matter, thus making organic nutrients available to the ecosystem.     腐生菌；腐生物一种有机物，通常是细菌以死的动植物为食并把它们分解，藉此为生态系统提供有机养分
We were in ecstasy at the thought of going home.     一想到回家，我们就兴奋不已。
The mist eddied round the old castle.     薄雾在那座古老的城堡的周围打转转。
Please sharpen the edge of this axe.     请把这把斧头的刃磨快。
These are edible wild berries.     这些野莓可以食用。
He edit a daily paper before he come to teach at our college.     他来我们学院任教之前充任过一份日报的主编。
He spent his last years (in) teaching and editing earlier writings.     他把晚年用在教书和编纂以前的著作。
The edition is limited to 500 copies.     该版限出500本。
The editor often gives some opinion on topical issues.     这个编辑常对一些时事问题发表意见。
I have made a lot of editorial changes in their book.     我在他们的书上做了许多编辑上的修改。
He had paid out good money to educate his daughter at a boarding school.     他花了很多钱让他的女儿在寄宿学校受教育。
Educated people considered as a group; the literati.     文人，学者被作为一个群体看待的受过教育的人；文人
No country can afford to neglect education.     任何国家都不容忽视教育。
It was the most educational experience I had ever had.     这是我有过的教育意义最大的一次经历。
That educator published many articles in these magazines.     那位教育工作者在这些杂志上发表了许多文章。
example sentence not found
Eels are long and difficult to catch.     鳝鱼很长而且很难抓住。
A new system of taxation will be brought into effect next year.     新的税收制度将于明年实行。
When does the new system become effective?     新制度何时生效？
Effectively, their response was a refusal.     实际上，他们的答复是拒绝。
Equal in force, power, effectiveness, or significance.     相等的力量、能力、效力、或重要性等相等
example sentence not found
The efficacy of the medicine is satisfactory.     这药的药效令人满意。
We must improve our efficiency as soon as possible.     我们必须尽快地提高工作效率。
He's efficient at his job.     他胜任工作。
It is hard to work efficiently in such a confined space.     在这样狭小的空间里工作很难提高效率。
Despite all our efforts we still lost the game.     尽管我们尽了全力，我们还是输掉了比赛。
This hen lays beautiful brown eggs.     这只母鸡下很漂亮的棕色蛋。
example sentence not found
He's my alter ego, we go everywhere together.     他是我的知己--彼此形影不离.
These travelers came from Egypt.     这些游客来自埃及。
The ancient Egyptians had advanced civilization.     古埃及人曾经拥有高度文明。
example sentence not found
There are eight students in the classroom.     教室里有八个学生。
My daughter is eighteen years old and has grown into a beautiful lady.     我的女儿十八岁了，已经长成为美丽的淑女。
August is the eighth month in a year.     八月是一年中的第八个月。
There are eighty pages in this book.     这本书有八十页。
If you do not go, I shall not go either.     你不去，我也不去。
The noisy youths were ejected from the cinema.     吵闹的年青人都已从影院被逐出去了。
The amount or rate of emission or ejection.     排放量流量、流速，或排出量，排出的速度
They eke out a bare existence (ie They scarcely manage) on his low salary.     他们靠他微薄的薪金勉强　口.
What you've told me of your plan sounds most interesting; would you care to elaborate?     你给我讲的这个计划很有意思，你能详细地谈一谈吗？
The elaborations of the plot made it a difficult book to read.     这本书因内容节外生枝而很难懂.
Three years have elapsed since we met last time.     我们上次相见至今已经三年了。
Three years have elapsed since we met last time.     我们上次相见至今已经三年了。
Rubber is elastic.     橡皮是有弹性的。
Having or exhibiting no elasticity.     无弹性的无弹性的或显示出没有弹性的
Highly pleased; elated.     洋洋得意的；兴高采烈的
He elbowed his way through the crowd.     他在人群中挤出一条路。
He is the elder of the twins.     他是双胞胎中的哥哥。
Many elderly people live an idle life.     许多老年人过着悠闲的生活。
I am the eldest among my cousins.     我是表兄弟姐妹中年龄最大的。
The President elect will be installed next week.     候任总统将在下周正式就任。
I may vote for her at the next election.     下届选举我可能选她。
Please turn off the electric power.     请把电源关掉。
There are some electrical apparatus in the room.     房间里有些电器。
Don't meddle with the electrical wiring: you're not an electrician.     别瞎动电线线路, 你又不是电工.
While I was cooking supper the electricity went off.     我正在做晚饭时停电了。
The athlete has an electrifying burst of speed.     这个运动员具有惊人的爆发速度。
example sentence not found
A stream of particles or electromagnetic waves emitted by the atoms and molecules of a radioactive substance as a result of nuclear decay.     核衰变产生的微粒或电磁波放射物的原子或分子由于核衰变放出的一束微粒或电磁波
An electric current in metal is caused by the movement of electrons.     金属内电流是由电子运动引起的。
This dictionary is available in electronic version.     这部词典有电子版。
They challenged that company's supremacy in the field of electronics.     他们挑战那家公司在电子学领域中占据的领先地位。
Ten years ago this dress was considered the last word in elegance.     十年前这种连衣裙还算是最高雅的款式呢。
The lady wears an elegant dark suit.     那位女士穿着雅致的深色套装。
Honesty, industry and kindness are elements of a good life.     诚实、勤劳和善良是幸福生活的要素。
The elemental truth was facing us.     基本的事实面对着我们。
The question is elementary.     这个问题很简单。
The elephant is the largest four-footed animal in the world.     大象是世界上最大的四足动物。
Reading good books elevates your mind.     阅读好书使人思想高尚。
The house is at an elevation of 1000 meters.     这所房子在海拔1000米处。
I took the elevator to the eighteenth floor.     我坐电梯上了第十八层。
The little boy left primary school at eleven.     这个小男孩十一岁时小学毕业。
I was born on January eleventh.     我生于一月十一日。
He succeeded in eliciting the information he needed from her.     他从她那里问出了他所需要的信息。
Anyone with an annual income of under 5000 may be eligible to apply.     凡年收入在5000英镑以下者均可申请.
Their team was eliminated in the first round.     他们队在第一轮就被淘汰了。
example sentence not found
A member of a group of elite, highly loyal supporters.     禁卫军一支精锐的皇家军队中的成员
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The Earth's path round the sun is elliptical.     地球绕太阳的轨道是椭圆形的。
I admire him for his eloquence.     我佩服他的口才。
These ruins are an eloquent reminder of the horrors of war.     这些废墟形象地提醒人们不要忘记战争的恐怖。
Hurry, or else you'll be late.     快点儿，不然你要迟到了。
I shall go elsewhere.     我要到别处去。
Please elucidate the reasons for your decision.     请把你作出决定的理由解释清楚。
example sentence not found
Interpol have searched all the corners of the earth for the elusive hijackers.     国际刑警组织已在世界各地搜查在逃的飞机劫持者。
example sentence not found
The emancipation of women depends on themselves.     妇女的解放依靠她们自己。
The embargo impacted on export revenues.     禁运封出囗总收入有很大的影响。
The ship embarked passengers and food at a Spanish port.     这艘船在西班牙的一个港口装载了乘客和食品。
I don't like making speeches in public; it's so embarrassing.     我不喜欢在公开场合演说，太难为情了。
I don't like making speeches in public; it's so embarrassing.     我不喜欢在公开场合演说，太难为情了。
We met some financial embarrassment.     我们遇到一些财务困难。
He works at the American Embassy in Moscow.     他在莫斯科的美国驻俄大使馆工作。
The harpoon struck but did not embed.     鱼叉击中了但并没有插入
The solid matter in which a fossil or crystal is embedded.     基质，脉石嵌有化石或水晶的固体物质
Lewis had created a situation whereby it was possible for the man at the top to fiddle elections, embezzle union funds and do away with potential rivals.     路易斯制造的局面使得该政府首脑不仅能够在竞选中弄虚作假，而且还可以肆意侵吞联邦公款，除掉可能的竞争对手。
She embodies her principles in her behavior.     她把自己的原则体现在行动中。
example sentence not found
We embraced each other.     我们互相拥抱。
She embroidered her initials on the handkerchief.     她把她姓名的起首字母绣在手帕上。
I am too busy to make any embroidery now.     我现在太忙，没有时间刺绣了。
It has emerged that he stole the money.     现在终于发现，是他偷了那笔钱。
The rioting grew worse and the government declared a state of emergency.     骚乱恶化，政府只得宣布进入紧急状态。
Most emigrants among them are patriots.     他们中大多数侨民是爱国主义者。
He emigrated from Britain to Australia in order to find a better job.     他从英国移居到澳大利亚，想找一份更好的工作。
The mass emigration of refugees in the war was reported widely by the press.     战争中大规模的逃难移民被新闻界广泛报道。
The most eminent doctors treated the king in his illness.     医术最精湛的医生们在国王生病时诊治他。
Emission and propagation of energy in the form of rays or waves.     发射以光线或波的形式发出和传播能量
A volcano emits smoke and ashes.     火山散发着烟和灰。
Love, joy, hate, fear and grief are all emotions.     爱、喜、恨、惧、悲都是情感。
She sang an emotional song about love and death.     她唱了一首关于爱情和死亡的动人的歌曲。
Napoleon called himself Emperor of the French.     拿破仑自称为法国皇帝。
Our English course places great emphasis on conversational skills.     我们的英语课程非常重视会话技能。
I would like to emphasize that we are ready to meet the management at any time.     我想着重指出，我们愿意在任何时候与管理部门会谈。
He was most emphatic that I should go.     他极力强调我应该去。
example sentence not found
The British Empire once covered large parts of the world.     大英帝国曾经占有过世界上的大片地方。
Inquiry into the nature of things based on logical reasoning rather than empirical methods.     自然科学基于逻辑推理而不是凭经验得来的方法来探究事物的本质
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The police had to employ force to break up the crowd.     警察不得不使用武力驱散人群。
This employee was dismissed for laziness.     这名雇员因为懒惰而被解雇。
The car industry is one of our biggest employers.     汽车工业是我们最大的雇主之一。
He is out of employment.     他失业了。
I feel I am in emptiness.     我觉得我很空虚。
His room is empty.     他的房间是空的。
The proverb tells us to emulate the industry of the ant.     这格言告诉我们要效法蚂蚁的勤勉。
She worked hard in emulation of her elder sister.     她努力赶超姐姐。
example sentence not found
I have to buy some white emulsion paint to freshen the walls.     我不得不买些白色的乳状漆来粉刷墙壁。
The collapse of the strike enabled the company to resume normal bus services.     罢工的失败使公司恢复了正常的公共汽车营业。
The collapse of the strike enabled the company to resume normal bus services.     罢工的失败使公司恢复了正常的公共汽车营业。
This story encapsulates scenes from his childhood.     这个故事讲的是他童年的事.
example sentence not found
His broken leg was encased in plaster.     他折的腿打上了石膏.
She was enchanted with the flowers you sent her.     她非常喜欢你送的花。
example sentence not found
Enemy troops had encircled the town.     敌军包围了该城。
He enclosed the land with a hedge.     他用篱笆把地圈起来。
There is the members' enclosure at the racecourse.     那儿是这个赛马场上的会员座区。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
One rainy night the policeman had a chance encounter with a gang of smugglers.     在一个雨夜，那个警察正巧碰上了一伙走私犯。
Her success encouraged me to try the same thing.     她的成功鼓励我试做同样的事。
The teacher's words were a great encouragement to him.     教师的话对他是极大的鼓舞。
Pertaining to a signal or area which contains either encrypted classified or unclassified information.     用于修饰或说明包含加密的保密或不保密信息的信号或区域。
example sentence not found
The boy likes to read the children's encyclopaedia.     那个男孩很喜欢看那本儿童百科全书。
We bought a multimedia encyclopedia.     我们买了一套多媒体百科全书。
At the end of the film, the hero wept bitterly.     在影片的结尾，主人公伤心地哭了。
If we falter in our leadership, we may endanger the peace of the world, and we shall surely endanger the welfare of this nation.     如果我们的领导地位动摇了，不仅会危害世界的和平，而且一定会危害国家的安定。
The man endeavored to please his beloved wife.     那人尽量使他深爱的妻子快乐。
I shall endeavour to accommodate you whenever possible.     只要有可能, 我将尽力帮你.
The story has a happy ending.     这个故事有一个美满的结局。
Her endless patience made her the best nurse in the hospital.     无限的耐心使她成为这个医院最好的护士。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He's had his license endorsed for dangerous driving.     他的驾驶执照上载有危险驾驶记录。
example sentence not found
Last sheet of paper in a legal document which, when fold, become the outside sheet and carry the endorsement.     法律文件的最后一页，当折叠时，它成了外边的一页并带有背书。
He endowed the hospital with a large fortune.     他捐赠一笔巨款给这家医院。
example sentence not found
Please can you lend me twenty pounds? I'm on my beam ends.     请您借给我20英镑好吗？我已十分拮据。
His treatment of her was beyond endurance.     他这样对待她是无法忍受的。
The secret endured.     秘密一直没有泄漏。
The enemy was forced to retreat.     敌人被迫撤退。
His son is an energetic child.     他的儿子是个精力旺盛的孩子。
Young people usually have more energy than the old.     青年人通常比老年人精力充沛些。
Have you any statistics that would enforce your argument?     你有任何统计资料可以加强你的论点吗？
I have engaged a room at this hotel.     我已经在这个旅馆里预订了一个房间。
I have engaged a room at this hotel.     我已经在这个旅馆里预订了一个房间。
Their engagement was announced in the papers.     他们订婚的消息登报了。
There must be something wrong with the engine of my car.     我汽车的引擎一定是出故障了。
His dream is to become an engineer.     他的梦想是将来成为一名工程师。
My major is the subject of chemical engineering.     我的专业是化学工程学。
He was born in England.     他出生于英格兰。
Do you speak English?     你会说英语吗？
Englishmen were regarded as the most gentlemanly people in the world.     英国男子曾被认为是世界上最有绅士风度的人。
The terrible scene was engraved on his memory.     那可怕的情景铭记在他的记忆里。
The art or process of carving or engraving on precious stones.     宝石雕刻术宝石雕刻术或宝石雕刻制作过程
It's an engrossing story.     这是个引人入胜的故事。
A bed of loose sand mixed with water forming a soft, shifting mass that yields easily to pressure and tends to engulf any object resting on its surface.     流沙一种由松散的沙子和水混合成的沙层，形成一堆松软、移动的物质，在压力下很容易塌陷，并可吞没置留在沙面上的任何物质
Those clothes do nothing to enhance her appearance.     她穿那些衣服也并没显得更漂亮。
example sentence not found
How did you enjoy the concert?     你喜欢那场音乐会吗？
Last night was the most enjoyable time I've had in a month of Sundays.     昨天晚上是我很长一段时间以来玩得最愉快的夜晚。
I didn't get much enjoyment out of that novel.     我并没有从那本小说里得到多少乐趣。
I needn't enlarge upon this matter; you all know my views.     我不需要详述此事；你们都知道我的意见。
Enlargement of the heart.     心肥大心脏的扩大
Can you enlighten me on this subject?     关于这个问题，你能指点我一下吗？
The act or a means of enlightening.     启迪启迪的行为或方式
Long ago enormous animals lived on the earth.     很久以前，地球上生活着巨大的动物。
Enough is as good as a feast.     知足常乐。
I must enquire further into this matter.     我要进一步调查此事.
With respect to your enquiry, I enclose an explanatory leaflet.     关於你的询问, 兹附上有关说明资料.
The expanding economy enriched the peasants.     不断发展的经济使农民们富裕起来。
I enrolled at the University of Vienna.     我报名就读于维也纳大学。
I enrolled at the University of Vienna.     我报名就读于维也纳大学。
The ensemble of central administrative and governmental services in imperial Rome.     中央行政管理部门罗马帝国时期中央行政管理部门
Many troubles ensued from this misunderstanding.     由此误会产生了许多麻烦。
This medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep.     这药保证能让你好好睡一觉。
That will entail an early start tomorrow morning.     那就需要明晨很早动身.
My fishing line got entangled in some weeds.     我的钓鱼线同杂草纠缠在一起。
Please do not enter before knocking on the door.     进来前请先敲门。
He is a man of great enterprise.     他是个事业心很强的人。
I like to entertain friends with music and refreshments at home.     我喜欢在家里用音乐和茶点招待朋友。
This hotel is famous for its entertainment.     这家旅馆以殷勤待客著称。
We were received with enthusiasm.     我们受到热烈的欢迎。
A film or movie enthusiast.     影迷热衷于电影的人
He is enthusiastic about helping others.     他热心助人。
I am in entire agreement with you.     我完全同意你。
It's your fault entirely.     这完全是你的过错。
He devoted the entirety of his life to medical research.     他把毕生精力贡献给医学研究工作。
The new book is entitled Love Story.     这本新书名叫《爱情故事》。
Representing one or all of the members of a class; not designating a unique entity.     非特定的代表某一种类的所有成员或其中一个的；不标志唯一存在的
He had passed the entrance examination of the college.     他已经通过了大学的入学考试。
He was accustomed to command, not to entreat.     他习惯于发号施令，而不是恳求他人。
One, especially an entrepreneur, that undertakes a task or job.     承担者；企业家承担任务或工作的人，尤指企业家
example sentence not found
Can I entrust you with the secret plans?     我能把这些秘密计划委托给你吗？
How many entries are there for the high jump?     报名参加跳高比赛的有多少人？
She enumerated the items we had to buy.     她列出了我们要买的东西。
example sentence not found
The papers are falling out of the envelop, push them back.     论文从封袋里掉出来了，把它们放回原处。
He addressed the envelope before mailing the letter.     寄信前，他在信封上写上地址。
I am envious of his success.     我羡慕他的成功。
Trees environ the yard.     树木环绕着那个院子。
Children need a happy home environment.     孩子需要一个幸福的家庭环境。
This environmental effect of this new factory could be disastrous.     这家新工厂给自然环境带来的影响可能是灾难性的。
Nobody can envisage the consequences of total nuclear war.     没有人能想像出全面核子战争的後果.
I envy you.     我羡慕你。
An enzyme that promotes the passage of a substance across a cell membrane.     透性酶激活另一种物质穿透细胞膜的一种酶
example sentence not found
Short-lived or ephemeral, as a life.     短命的或短暂的，如生命
I have an influenza epidemic.     我得了流行性感冒。
Fortinbras speaks the epilogue in Shakespeare's Hamlet'.     在莎士比亚的《哈姆雷特》中, 由福丁布拉斯念收场白.
That's an episode in my life I'd rather forget!     那是我一生中宁愿忘记的经历！
example sentence not found
Einstein's theory marked a new epoch in physics.     爱因斯坦理论开创了物理学的新纪元。
example sentence not found
None of us can equal her, either in beauty or as a dancer.     不管是容貌还是舞艺我们都比不上她。
I do not believe in equality of capacity, but I do believe in equality of opportunity.     我不相信能力均等，但我确实相信机会均等。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We can both run equally fast.     我们两个跑得一样快。
The equation of wealth with happiness can be dangerous.     把财富与幸福等同起来是很危险的
Singapore is near the equator.     新加坡位于赤道附近。
The equilibrium of force must be established in Europe.     必须确立欧洲的均势。
The room is equipped with air conditioning.     这个房间装有空调设备。
The complete equipment of the new hospital will take a year.     新医院的全部设备需要一年才能装备好。
Impartial; just; equitable.     公平的；公正的；无私的
They shared the work of the house with perfect equity.     他们很公平地分担屋内的工作。
example sentence not found
He changed his pounds for the equivalent amount in dollars.     他把英镑兑换成等值的美元。
The politician gave an equivocal answer.     那政客的答覆模棱两可.
Equivocation is first cousin to a lie.     含糊其词是谎话的近亲。
We are living in the computer era.     我们正生活在计算机时代。
He eradicated weeds in his garden.     他把花园中的杂草根除了。
example sentence not found
She couldn't erase the incident from her memory.     她难以忘记那次事件。
I use an eraser.     我使用橡皮擦。
example sentence not found
She held her head erect and her back straight.     她昂着头，把背挺得笔直。
The erection of the building took several months.     建造这座建筑物花了好几个月时间。
example sentence not found
The erosion of the coastline by the sea was ignored by people.     海水对海岸的冲刷被人们忽视了。
To err is human.     犯错人皆难免。
You must do the two errands this week.     你必须在一周内完成这两项任务。
The singer gave an erratic performance.     演唱者未唱出水平.
example sentence not found
The result of your report is an erroneous conclusion.     你的报告结果是错误的结论。
The accident was caused by human error.     这宗事故是人为过失造成的。
Violence has erupted on the streets.     大街上突然发生了暴乱.
The eruption of volcano makes many people lose their lives.     火山的爆发使许多人丧失了生命。
example sentence not found
Even a limited confrontation can escalate into a major war.     即使是局部的对抗也可能扩大成一场大战。
As what we have signed is a fix- price contract with escalation, the price can be changed without notice.     由于我们所签的是一份标价伸缩合同，价格可以不经事先通知而变动。
example sentence not found
The thief jumped into a car and made his escape.     小偷跳上汽车逃走了。
He offered to be her escort, but she declined it.     他提出护送她，但她谢绝了。
A long, slender, flexible rod having a tuft or sponge at the end, used to remove foreign bodies from or apply medication to the larynx or esophagus.     除鲠器，食管探子纤细而可弯曲的长圆棒，其一端有一小片海绵或毛撮，用来去除喉部或食管的外来异物或给喉部或食道上药
Belonging to or reserved for a small, select group; esoteric.     秘密的属于一个挑选出来的小群人的；专为其保留的；秘传的
This question is of especial importance.     这个问题特别重要。
Noise is unpleasant, especially when you are trying to sleep.     噪音令人讨厌，尤其当你想睡觉的时候。
There was a prize for the best essay on Shakespeare in the city.     这个城市设立了关于莎士比亚的优秀论文奖。
The essayist's new book has been criticized by many people.     这位随笔作家的新书受到许多人的批评。
The two things are the same in outward form but different in essence.     那两样东西在外表上相同，但在本质上不同。
Food is essential to life.     食物对生命是必不可少的。
He is essentially a very nice person.     他基本上是一个和蔼可亲的人。
Our company was established in 1994.     我们的公司成立于1994年。
He has established his own firm.     他已建立起自己的公司。
He keeps a large establishment.     他拥有巨大家业。
The old man left an estate of two million dollars when he died.     那老人去世时留下二百万美元的遗产。
She esteemed that she knew what life was.     她认为自己懂得什么是生活。
example sentence not found
My estimate of the length of the room was 10 feet.     我估计房间的长度为10 英尺。
In my estimation, he is a more suitable candidate.     我认为他是更合适的人选。
The idea that the world is eternal is now seldom advanced.     地球是永恒的这种看法现在很少提出了。
Ether was used formerly to put a patient to sleep before an operation.     从前人们在手术前用乙醚来使病人昏睡。
The firewall machine will require two ethernet card, one interface to the outside world and one to the master pop network.     防火墙计算机要求2张以太网卡，一个对外部世界的接口和一个对主POP网络的接口。
A member of the predominant ethnic group of Iran.     法尔西人伊朗主要种族的一员
example sentence not found
The forms of ceremony and etiquette observed by diplomats and heads of state.     外交礼节外交官和国家元首遵守的礼节和礼仪形式
Is France in Europe?     法国在欧洲吗？
He looks European.     他看上去像欧洲人。
The region near the erupting volcano was evacuated rapidly.     火山爆发处附近已迅速撤空.
He could not evade the law.     他逃避不了法律。
The research project has only been under way for three months, so it's too early to evaluate its success.     ＂这个研究项目进行了不过三个月，所以要对它的成绩作出评价为时尚早。＂
In software product evaluation, the totality of features and characteristics of a product or service that bear on its ability to satisfy stated or implied needs. Note: In a contractual environment, needs are specified, whereas in other environments, implied needs should be identified and defined.     在软件产品评价技术中，产品或服务满足规定需求或隐含需求的特征和特性的总和。注：在有合同的环境中，需求是在合同中规定的；而在其它环境中，则应对隐含需求进行验证和定义。
The water soon evaporated in the sunshine.     水在阳光下不久就蒸发了。
Be careful not to lose too much liquid by evaporation.     小心，不要因为蒸发作用而失掉过多的水份。
The senate was censured for income tax evasion.     这名参议员因逃避缴纳所得税而受到指责。
We went to the church to celebrate Christmas Eve.     我们去教堂庆祝圣诞前夕。
John doesn't go out even in the summer.     约翰甚至在夏天也不出门。
Could you come back home early this evening?     今天晚上你能早回家吗？
His day is evenly divided between work and relaxation.     他一天的时间一半花在工作上, 一半用在娱乐上。
I'll probably see you tomorrow, but in any event I'll phone.     明天我可能来看你，万一我来不了，我会打电话的。
He has had an eventful life.     他一生有很多大事。
These events led to the declaration of war.     这些事件导致了宣战。
It was a long journey, but we eventually arrived.     旅程很长，但我们最后还是到达了。
Have you ever been to Paris?     你去过巴黎吗？
Pines are evergreens.     松树是常青树。
He believes in life everlasting after death.     他相信死后永生。
I enjoyed every minute of the party.     整个晚会我玩得都很愉快。
The police told everybody to remain in their cars.     警察叫大家都留在车里。
After the explosion it was some time before the town resumed its everyday routines.     爆炸后经过相当一段时间，这个城镇才恢复了正常的生活秩序。
In a small village, everyone knows everyone else.     在一个小村庄里，人人皆相识。
Money isn't everything.     金钱不是一切。
The flowers are blooming everywhere.     鲜花到处盛开。
The lessor can evict the lessee for failure to pay rent.     出租人可驱逐不付租金的承租人。
When the ship reached port, it bore abundant evidence of the severity of the storm.     船抵港时，船上满是受到暴风雨肆虐的痕迹。
It was evident that the policy was a failure.     显然这项政策是失败的。
The cat was evidently incurable and the old couple had to get it put away.     这只猫的病显然没法治好了，老夫妇只得请人把它杀掉。
War, famine and flood are terrible evils.     战争、饥荒和洪水都是可怕的灾祸。
Tending or having the power to evoke.     唤起…的，引起…的有能力唤起的
Do you know about the evolution of a seed into a plant?     你知道从种子发展成为植物的过程吗？
The evolutionary decline or loss of a function, characteristic, or structure in an organism or a species.     退化（作用）一个生物体或物种的某种功能、特征或结构由于进化作用造成的衰退或丧失
He has evolved a new theory after many years of research.     他经过多年的研究, 逐渐总结出了新的理论.
Cargo ex pacification extremely inferior now under survey we reserve right of claim airmail sealed sample     联合太平洋号上的货物质量极差，现正在检验之中。我们保留索赔的权力，今以航空寄上密封样本。
Scratching exacerbates a skin rash.     皮疹搔後会恶化.
What is the exact size of the room?     这个房间的确切面积是多少？
Tell me exactly where he is.     确切地告诉我他在什么地方。
The seriousness of the situation has been much exaggerated by the press.     形势的严重性被报纸夸大了。
The seriousness of the situation has been much exaggerated by the press.     形势的严重性被报纸夸大了。
I can say without exaggeration that she is an angel.     我可以毫不夸张地说她是个天使。
He was exalted to the position of general manager.     他被提升到总经理的职位。
Elevated in character; exalted.     品德高尚的；崇高的
He didn't pass the exam, but it was a good attempt.     他虽然没有通过考试，但他做了很大的努力。
The examination of all the witness lasted two hours.     对全部证人的讯问持续了两个小时。
The doctor examined her carefully.     医生仔细检查了她的身体。
Her diligence has set an example to the others.     她的勤奋为其他人树立了榜样。
She was exasperated at his stupidity.     她因为他的愚笨而发怒。
`Stop that noise,' he cried out in exasperation.     ｀不要发出那种噪音,＇他愤怒地大喊.
Excavate an ore-rich hillside.     在富矿山上挖洞穴
Demand began to exceed supply.     开始供不应求。
We found out that he was exceedingly fond of fishing.     我们发现他极其喜欢钓鱼。
He excels all other composers of his period.     他超过了同时期的所有其他作曲家。
We all praised the excellence of her cooking.     我们都称赞了她烹饪技术的高超。
He worked out an excellent idea.     他想出了一个极好的主意。
I excepted James from my invitation.     我没有邀请詹姆斯。
Most children like sweets, but there are some exceptions.     大多数孩子都喜欢吃糖果，但也有一些例外。
This weather is exceptional for June.     六月里这样的天气是反常的。
An excerpt from one of these letters, read as part of a religious service.     使徒书信节选从使徒书信中选取的，作为宗教仪式或活动的一部分来诵读的一段
The fat boy went on a diet to get rid of his excess weight.     这个胖男孩节制饮食以减轻过量的体重。
Excessive rainfall had made the harvest impossible.     雨量过多，丰收已经不可能了。
A soldier was wounded in the exchange.     一名士兵在交火中受伤。
Sale goods in this shop are not exchangeable.     本店货物售出概不退换.
The censor insisted on excising the passage from the film.     电影审查员坚持剪去影片的这一段.
The excision, if not done in time, tends to complications.     如不及时切除，可能导致并发症。
The good news excited everybody.     这个好消息使每一个人都很兴奋。
The boys broke into shrill, excited cheering.     男孩子们突然迸发出刺耳的兴奋的欢呼声。
He kept calm amid all these excitements.     他在这些使人激动的事件中保持镇静。
What exciting news this is!     这是多么令人兴奋的消息！
The newspapers exclaimed against the government's action.     报纸指责政府的行动。
Good heavens! is an exclamation of surprise.     “天哪！”是一个表示惊讶的感叹语。
We cannot exclude the possibility that he killed his wife.     我们不能排除他杀了他妻子的可能性。
The exclusion of women from the temple made them feel sad.     妇女被排斥于寺院之外使得她们很难过。
This company has exclusive rights for the sale of Ford cars in the city.     这家公司享有福特汽车在本市的独家经销权。
He writes exclusively for China Daily.     他专给《中国日报》写稿。
example sentence not found
The pavement was covered with dogs' excrement.     便道上满是狗屎。
Dogs are not permitted to foul (ie excrete on) the pavement.     禁止狗在人行道上便溺.
Serving to carry waste out of the body; excretory.     排泄的用来把废物带出体外的；排泄的
We shall make an excursion to Hangzhou this weekend.     这个周末我们将去杭州旅行。
Please excuse my bad handwriting.     请原谅我的字写得不好。
A program that translates a source program into an executable program(an object program).     一种把源程序翻译成可执行程序（即目标程序）的程序。
The nurse executed the doctor's orders.     护士执行医生的命令。
There used to be public executions.     处决囚犯过去都是公开执行的。
The President of the United States is the chief executive.     美国总统是行政首脑。
He was appointed to act as the executor.     他被指定为遗嘱执行人。
This painting exemplifies the artist's early style.     这幅画是该画家早期艺术风格的典型.
Poor eyesight will exempt you from military service.     视力不佳将使你免服兵役。
An exemption from a church law, a vow, or another similar obligation granted in a particular case by an ecclesiastical authority.     特许，赦免在特定情况下，由教会当权者授权赦免的教会法律、誓约或其他类似的义务的免除
What others think exercises a great influence on most of us.     别人怎样想对我们多半会产生很大影响。
example sentence not found
Her husband exerted a lot of pressure on her to succeed.     她丈夫殷切地希望她能成功，给了她很大的压力。
Now that I'm 90, I find the exertions of travelling too great.     我已经年届90，出远门已力不从心。
She exhaled slowly to show her annoyance.     她长叹以示厌烦。
She did not cry out; her tears were exhausted.     她哭不出来了，因为眼泪都已哭干了。
The exhausted troops surrendered.     部队人困马乏结果投降了。
The mine was closed owing to exhaustion.     这个煤矿因矿源枯竭而被关闭。
An exhaustive study.     一项彻底的研究
Many unearthed cultural relics were exhibited at the museum.     博物馆展出了许多出土文物。
Did you see the art exhibition downtown?     你看了闹市区的美术展览吗？
example sentence not found
The chairman exhorted the party workers to take action.     主席敦促党的工作人员采取行动。
He was exiled from the country for one year.     他被放逐一年。
The Roman Empire existed for several centuries.     罗马帝国存在了几百年。
The newspaper ceased to appear after an existence of three months.     该报发行3 个月后停刊了。
We should make a better use of the existing equipment.     我们应该更好地利用现有设备。
At the end of the third scene the actress exits.     该女演员于第三场结束时退场。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The practice of lending money and charging the borrower interest, especially at an exorbitant or illegally high rate.     高利贷借给他人钱并要求贷者付很高的利息的做法，尤其利息异常地或非法地高
The film retains much of the book's exotic flavour.     这部电影保存了原著的许多异国情调.
The petals of many flowers expand in the sunshine.     许多花的花瓣在阳光中绽放。
example sentence not found
The expanding economy enriched the peasants.     不断发展的经济使农民们富裕起来。
example sentence not found
Metals undergo expansion when heated.     金属加热时会膨胀。
The journey was not as nice as we had expected.     旅途不象我们预想的那样好。
Women have a higher life expectancy than men.     女人比男人的预期寿命长.
He has great expectations from his uncle.     他渴望从叔叔那继承大笔遗产。
He acted from expediency, not from principle.     他为求达到目的, 丧失了原则.
He thought it expedient not to tell his wife where he had been.     他认为不告诉妻子他去过哪里是适宜的。
Expedite offer afraid buyer ready withdraw as others contact him.     糨公司正与之接触，请速予报价，否则买主准备撤走。
The mail is conveyed with expedition.     那封信被迅速地传递出去。
He was expelled from the school.     他被学校开除了。
I had expended much time on the work but they told me it's useless.     我花了很多时间在这件工作上，他们却告诉我说这是无用的。
The expenditure of money on weapons is very large.     购置武器的开支很大。
It's too much of an expense for me to own a car.     对我来说，拥有一辆汽车的花费太大。
The incidental expenses of cars in this city are expensive.     这个城市汽车的附加费用很昂贵。
The dress is too expensive for me to buy.     那衣服太昂贵，我买不起。
He experienced great difficulty in getting a visa to leave the country.     他申请出国签证经历了很大的困难。
I want some persons more experienced than Tom.     我要一些比汤姆更有经验的人。
Some scientists experiment on animals.     有些科学家用动物做试验。
The technique is still at the experimental stage.     这项技术正处于实验阶段。
The process of conducting such a test; experimentation.     实验过程做这种试验的过程；实验
According to expert opinions, they gave up the experiment immediately.     根据专家们的意见，他们马上放弃了这项试验。
And the scientist in Boston will be able to call on the expertise of the scientist in Shanghai, and all of it in a matter of seconds.     同样，在美国波士顿的一位科学家，也将能够向上海的一位科学家要求提供专门知识。而这种联系只需要几秒钟的时间就可以接通。
The expiration of contract is coming.     合同快到期了。
My passport is due to expire in two months.     我的护照再过两个月就到期了。
example sentence not found
That explains why she is not here.     那就说明了她不在这里的原因。
Did he provide a satisfactory explanation?     他是否给出了令人满意的解释？
An explanatory table or list of the symbols appearing on a map or chart.     图例对出现在地图上或图表中的有关符号进行解释的一览表或清单
He uttered several vigorous expletives when he dropped the iron on his foot.     他的熨斗掉下砸在脚上, 他随口骂了几声.
He gave me explicit directions on how to get there.     他清清楚楚地告诉我怎样到达那里.
The definition of a global symbol that is not explicitly available for reference by modules linked with the module in which the definition occurs.     一种全局符号定义，它不能被与定义该全局符号的模块相链接的其它模块直接引用。
He exploded with rage.     他勃然大怒，暴跳如雷。
People should read the related regulations before they exploit natural resources.     在开发自然资源前，人们应该先了解相关的规定。
Generally speaking, mineral exploitation is a feast-or-famine industry.     一般来说，开矿这种事业不是大大成功便是彻底失败。
They decided to make a full exploration of the accident.     他们决定对事故做一次全盘研究。
The experts are exploring every part of the island.     专家们正在勘查这个岛的各个部分。
This famous explorer finally died in loneliness.     这位著名的探险家最后在孤寂中死去。
The explosion of oil prices caused an economical crisis.     石油价格的急剧上涨引起了经济危机。
Hydrogen is highly explosive.     氢极易爆炸。
Swiss sculptor, painter, and exponent of surrealism who is best known for his elongated sculptures of human figures, such as Walking Man(1960).     贾科尼亚特提，阿尔贝托1901－1966瑞士雕刻家、画家、超现实主义者，他最著名的是他对人体外形的拉长的雕刻，如行走的人（1960年）
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
What are the chief exports of your country?     你们国家有哪些主要的出口物品？
example sentence not found
Argentina is a big exporter of beef products.     阿根廷是牛肉制品的一大出口国。
The reporter was killed because he tried to expose a plot.     这名记者因为试图揭露一个阴谋而被杀害。
The industrial exposition will be held on September.     工业博览会将于九月召开。
Exposure of the body to strong sunlight can be harmful.     身体受烈日暴晒会造成伤害。
I can't express how grateful I am.     我说不出我有多么感激。
The scenery was beautiful beyond expression.     那风景美丽得无法形容。
She gave us an expressive smile.     她意味深长地笑了笑。
You were expressly told not to touch my papers.     已经明确地告诉过你不要动我的文件.
A toll is charged for the use of the expressway.     在那条高速公路上行驶需付通行费。
An agent that destroys or causes the expulsion of parasitic intestinal worms.     驱肠虫剂，灭肠虫剂可消灭或驱除肠内寄生虫的药物
Her name was expunged from the list.     她的名字已从名册上除掉.
Her skirt has very exquisite lace.     她的裙子有非常精致的花边。
The hot weather extended into October.     炎热天气一直持续到十月。
example sentence not found
He built an extension onto his house.     他给自己的住宅扩建了一部分。
He selected an extensive reading course this term.     这个学期他选修了泛读课程。
He has read extensively.     他阅读广泛。
I was amazed at the extent of his knowledge.     我对他知识的渊博感到惊奇。
She maintained a calm exterior, though really she was furious.     在外表上她保持着平静，但实际上她生气极了。
example sentence not found
This news program only covers external events.     这一新闻节目只报道国外消息。
Dinosaurs have been extinct for millions of years.     恐龙已绝种几百万年了。
Is the human race threatened with complete extinction?     人类是否会受到完全灭绝的威胁呢？
Smoking is forbidden. Please extinguish your cigarettes.     吸烟是禁止的，请你把烟熄掉。
Something of value extorted in this manner.     勒索之物通过此种手段强取的有价值之物
There were so many people that the company put on extra buses.     人数太多，公司加开了公共汽车。
I would like to quote two extracts from the book.     我很想引用这本书的两段文字。
Of Spanish extraction.     西班牙血统的
He married a girl of extraordinary beauty.     他娶了一位非常美丽的姑娘。
His latest extravagance is a hand-made silk shirt.     他最近有的奢侈品是一件手工缝制的丝绸衬衫。
He makes the most extravagant claims for his new system.     他对他的新制度提出过分的要求。
Love and hate are extremes.     爱和恨是两个极端。
This task is extremely difficult.     这项任务极其困难。
Love and hate are extremes.     爱和恨是两个极端。
He was driven crazy by the extremity of pain.     极度的痛苦使他发狂。
The quality or condition of being exuberant.     充沛，繁茂繁茂的性质或状态
Her children have blue eyes.     她的孩子的眼睛是蓝色的。
His eyeball is static.     他的眼球一动不动。
There were a lot of eyebrows raised at the news of minister's dismissal.     部长被解职的消息令很多人感到惊讶。
My eyeglass frame is broken!     我的眼镜框断了！
The soldiers are still holding the fort, but they're hanging on by their eyelids.     士兵们仍然固守城堡，但他们已陷于险境。
Tears distilled slowly from her eyes.     泪水从她的眼睛里慢慢地滴下来。
He has poor eyesight.     他的视力不好。
Fables often have animals as the main characters.     寓言常以动物为主角。
The cost of repairing the fabric of the church was very high.     修理教堂结构的花费非常大。
example sentence not found
That's pure fabrication!     那纯粹是捏造的!
He is a fabulous hero in that book.     在那本书中他是个传奇式的英雄。
He faced the difficulty with courage.     他勇敢地面对困难。
Glory in all the facets of pleasure and beauty which the world reveals to you through the several means of contact which Nature provides.     所有的愉快和美感方面的天福，世界通过自然提供的几种接触方式将它展露给你。
I've made an appointment for a facial next week.     我已经预约了下周去美容。
Equipping an office or plant with computers to facilitate or automate procedures.     给办公室或工厂装备计算机，使办公手续或生产过程更方便或自动化。
A free bus to the airport is a facility offered only by this hotel.     只有这家旅店提供免费乘车去机场的服务。
Equipment used to produce such a graph or tracing in facsimile transmission.     传真电报机传真通信中用以制作这样的图表或映描图的设备
It is a fact that I have written this sentence.     我写了这个句子是事实。
The party split into petty factions.     该党分裂成若干小派系。
The committee's support is an important factor in the success of the project.     委员会的支持是该项目取得成功的一个重要因素。
example sentence not found
Factoring in connection with automobile installment accounts is a big business today.     代管汽车分期付款的到期帐目是当今一桩巨大的业务。
A new factory was established near my home.     我家附近新建了一家工厂。
This boy has a faculty of making friends easily.     这个男孩有交友的能力。
The closing music fades out when the hero rides off into the sunset.     当男主角策马向夕阳驰去时，尾声音乐逐渐消失。
The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit.     今天气温是华氏七十度。
I tried to fix the equipment but I failed.     我想把机器修理好，但是失败了。
That machine has one big failing.     那台机器有个大缺点。
The play was a dead failure.     这场戏完全失败了。
Our chances of victory are very faint now.     现在我们取胜的机会已经微乎其微了。
You must play fair.     你必须公正处事。
It's a fairly good book.     这是一本相当不错的书。
Their love story sounds like a fairy tale.     他们的爱情故事听起来像童话。
I kept faith with him.     我信守了对他的诺言。
This newspaper gave a faithful account of the event.     这份报纸对那件事进行了如实的报道。
They swore an oath to carry out their duties faithfully.     他们发誓要忠实履行自己的职责。
That's not a real diamond necklace, it's just a fake!     那不是真钻石项链, 是假的!
He fell into the lake.     他掉进了湖里。
The fallacy has been exposed in its naked absurdity.     这谬论的荒诞性已被充分揭露。
example sentence not found
Human beings are only fallible.     人类本身易犯错误
Your answer to this question is false.     你对这个问题的回答是错误的。
The sick man faltered a few steps and then fell.     这个病人摇摇晃晃地走了几步，然后就跌倒了。
His fame as a poet did not come until after his death.     他死后才获得诗人之名。
I am not really familiar with the local laws.     实际上我对当地的法律并不熟。
Try to discourage such familiarities from your subordinates.     不要让属下对你这样不拘礼仪。
It is incumbent upon all users of this equipment to familiarize themselves with the safety procedure.     凡使用这种设备的人都应熟悉安全程序.
He had to work hard to support his family.     他不得不努力工作来养家。
Thousands of people died of famine.     千千万万的人死于饥荒。
He is famous for his fine acting.     他以演技精湛著称。
We have an extractor fan in the kitchen to get rid of the smell of cooking.     我们的厨房里有台排气扇，用来消除油烟。
We call him a politics fanatic.     我们叫他政治狂。
I fancy I have met you before.     我想我以前或许见过你。
We watched a fantastic play yesterday evening.     昨天晚上我们看了一场非常精彩的演出。
example sentence not found
Stop looking for a perfect job---it's just a fantasy.     别想找十全十美的工作了---那简直是幻想。
The far side of the moon is difficult for us to observe.     我们很难观察月亮的另一边。
I think I fared quite well in the interview.     我觉得我这次面试考得不错。
Farewell! I hope we meet again soon.     别了！希望很快我们能再见面。
We work on the farm.     我们在农场工作。
That farmer employs many farm laborers.     那位农场主雇佣很多农场工人。
The farmhouse was built of wood.     农舍是用木头建造的。
Beginning in1961 they began to reform their way of farming.     从1961年起他们开始改革耕作方法。
On the farther side of the street there was a row of small shops.     街那头是一排小商店。
The serpent fascinated its prey.     蛇用目光吓住了它的猎物。
Mary is full of fascinating theories about men and women.     玛丽对男人和女人充满了迷人的想法。
The topic seemed to have a fascination for her.     这个题目似乎对她很有吸引力。
I condemn fascism and all it stands for.     我谴责法西斯主义及其代表的一切。
The fall of the fascist dictatorship was followed by a left-wing backlash.     法西斯专政的垮台引起左翼运动的高涨.
Fashions have changed a lot since I was a little girl.     现在的时装和我还是小女孩时候流行的样子很不一样了。
This dress is such a good style; it will be fashionable for many years.     这件衣服的式样真高雅，它一定会流行好几年。
He fashioned the clay into a jar.     他用粘土做成一个陶土罐子。
I like fast music.     我喜欢节奏快的音乐。
example sentence not found
I fastened the pages together with a paperclip.     我用一个纸夹把那几页纸夹在一起。
She is so fastidious about her food that I never invite her for dinner.     她对食物过於挑剔，因此我从不请她吃饭
He can't eat fat.     他不能吃肥肉。
His illness was fatal to our plan.     他的患病给我们的计划带来灾难。
They met with a terrible fate.     他们的结局十分悲惨。
I have loved her like a father should.     我爱她就像爱自己的女儿一样。
The ship sank in four fathoms.     这条船沉下四英寻。
Finally, her mind gave in to fatigue and she fell asleep.     最后她的心力疲惫不堪，就睡着了。
example sentence not found
My father is always finding fault with the way I do things.     我父亲总是对我做事的方式百般挑剔。
The teacher told us the faultless argumentation after the test.     考试后，老师告诉了我们正确的论证方法。
My judgement was frequently faulty, but my loyalty to the nation could not be questioned.     我的判断经常出错，但是我对祖国的忠诚是无可置疑的。
He did all he could to win his favor.     他尽其所能去赢得他的好感。
The conditions are favorable for opening a new business.     各种条件有利于开办新企业。
His speech was favorably received.     他的演讲很受欢迎。
I like all the books on the shelf but this one is my favorite.     我喜欢书架上所有的书，但这本是我最喜欢的。
Cheques should be written in favour of Oxfam.     支票上请写明以牛津饥荒救济委员会为受款人。
Reservations can be made by letter or fax.     可以来信或传真预订。
She has a great fear of fire.     她对火有恐惧感。
They were fearful that the river would flood.     他们担心河流会发洪水。
Fearless and daring; courageous.     勇敢的，无畏的；敢作敢为的
The department has produced a feasibility report on the development project.     这个部已经拿出了一份开发项目的可行性报告。
It's quite clear that the electric car is technically feasible.     很清楚，电动汽车在工艺技术上是可行的。
He feasted his eye on the beautiful scene.     他尽情欣赏这美丽的景色。
Apparently impossible feats are now accomplished by science.     许多看起来不可能的伟大业绩现在已经由科学实现了。
My daughter asked me to buy her a pillow stuffed with feathers.     我女儿请求我给她买一个羽绒枕头。
Her mouth is her best feature.     她的嘴是她容貌上最好看的部分。
He left the city last February.     他于去年二月离开这个城市。
In the USA foreign policy is decided by the federal government and federal laws are made by Congress.     美国外交政策取决于联邦政府，联邦法律由国会制定。
The other nations are forming a federation.     其他国家正在结成联盟。
The doctor's fee was higher than we expected.     这位医生的收费比我们预料的高。
A feeble attempt is liable to fail.     愚蠢的尝试多半是要失败的。
How many feeds a day does this dog get?     这只狗每天吃几顿？
Meanwhile, you are allowed to feedback your thoughts and opinions regularly to develop our program and the club.     及时反馈自己的意见和建议，以便不断提高我们节目的质量和促进俱乐部的发展。
The little boy is a noisy feeder.     这个小男孩吃东西时发出响声。
I like the feel of this cloth; it has a warm woolly feel.     我喜欢这块布给我的感觉，它摸上去毛茸茸的很暖和。
I have a feeling that we are being followed.     我有种感觉我们正被人跟踪。
The climber fell from a great height.     攀登者从极高的地方坠落下来.
He was cut off from his fellows.     他和同伴失去联系。
They offered him the hand of fellowship when he was in difficulties.     当他身处困境时，他们向他伸出了友谊之手。
All the female workers in this factory got a present on March 8.     这家工厂的所有女职工在三八节都得到了一份礼物。
Jewelry and lace are mostly feminine belongings.     珠宝和蕾丝大多是女性用品。
Mary talked with me across the garden fence.     玛丽和我隔着花园篱笆交谈。
He's gone completely round the twist since his mother died and left him to fend for himself.     自从他母亲去世并丢下他去自己谋生之后，他完全疯了。
The fermentation of milk causes it to curdle.     牛奶发酵会凝结起来。
A person regarded as ferocious or violent.     被认为是残酷和凶猛的人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We ferried the river on a small boat.     我们用小船渡过那条河。
A ferryboat get us across.     一条渡船把我们送到对岸。
Fertile soil yields good crops.     肥沃的土地能种出好庄稼。
It will be a fertility of year for much raining.     因为雨水多，今年会是丰产的一年。
Crushed bones make one of the best fertilizers.     碎骨是最好的肥料之一。
She had a fervent farewell speech.     她发表了热情的告别演说。
The resentment festered in his mind.     他心中的愤恨有增无减。
Christmas is a festival of the Chistian Church.     圣诞节是基督教的节日。
This house should fetch a good price.     这所房子应该卖个好价钱。
He was fettered by his family and could not travel any longer.     他被家庭束缚，不能再到处去旅游了。
The medical study and treatment of the fetus, especially within the uterus.     胎儿学尤指对子宫内的胎儿的医学研究和治疗
Because of a family feud, he hasn't spoken to his wife's parents for years.     由于两家不和，他已经多年不与岳父母说话。
The way some landlords treat their tenants today still seems feudal.     今天有些地主仍以近乎封建的方式对待佃户。
Down with feudalism!     打倒封建主义！
Football fever gripped the town when the local team reached the cup final.     在当地的足球队打进了优胜杯的决赛圈后，全市掀起一阵足球热。
Few of us have his address.     我们中几乎没有人知道他的地址。
Scientists are recommending that people eat more fiber.     科学家建议人们多吃些纤维素。
He is a man of real fibre.     他是一个有骨气的男子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He turned out to be fickle - he has left me.     他原来是个善变的人 - 他离开我了。
I like to read science fiction.     我喜欢读科幻小说。
He embellished his account with fictional details.     他以种种虚构的细节来渲染他的叙述。
Put down my pen and stop fiddling!     把我的钢笔放下，别用手玩弄！
Fidelity to engagement is a virtue.     信守诺言是一种美德。
Many farmers are working in the fields.     许多农民在田里干活。
Because there is so much unemployment, the competition for jobs is fierce.     因为失业严重，求职的竞争十分激烈。
No one dare to offend the fiery person.     没人敢惹这个脾气急躁的人。
She is fifteen.     她十五岁。
Most students in this class are fifteen.     这个班的大多数孩子都十五岁。
He passed me one fifth of the cake.     他递给我五分之一个蛋糕。
My mother is fifty years old.     我母亲已经五十岁了。
You don't really care a fig about status.     你对地位真是一点儿也不在乎。
He was always fighting with his neighbors about the noise.     他常常为了噪音和邻居们争吵。
The fighter plane was completely destroyed.     这架战斗机彻底毁坏了。
He interposed himself between them to stop them fighting.     他挤进两人中间，阻止他们打架。
A sweet temper is a figurative expression, but sweet coffee is not.     甜蜜的性情是个比喻的说法，而甜咖啡则不是。
They figured it was better to stay where they were.     他们断定还是呆在原地好。
Put this letter in the main file.     把这封信放在主要文件夹中。
example sentence not found
He filed away at the metal bar.     他不停地锉着金属棒。
Laughter filled the room.     房间里充满了笑声。
example sentence not found
I had to have two fillings at the dentist's today.     我今天要请牙医给我补两颗牙。
He bought two rolls of film for the camera.     他给照相机买了两卷胶卷。
The sunlight filtered through the curtains.     阳光透过窗帘映了进来。
example sentence not found
I don't know how you can read such filth.     我不知道你怎么会看这种猥亵的读物。
This place is filthy; I don't believe anyone can live here.     这个地方脏极了，我不相信有人能住在这。
This is our final offer.     这是我方的最后报价。
example sentence not found
Let us finalize tonight.     让我们今天晚上干完。
It's not finally settled yet.     这件事还没有最终决定。
Unless we can get more finance, we'll have to close the store.     除非我们能得到更多的资金，我们将不得不关闭这家商店。
Anything to do with our finances is my wife's province.     一切有关钱财的事都由我妻子管。
His financial affairs are in bad condition.     他的经济状况很糟。
Her father is a financier.     她父亲是金融家。
The act or an instance of launching or initiating, especially the floating of stocks or bonds or the financing of a business venture by floating stocks or bonds.     发行公债，发行股票发起或创立的行为或事例，尤指流动股票、债券或由流动股票、债券支持的商业资金
I think I'm lost; I can't find the bridge.     我想我是迷路了，我找不到那座桥了。
The money was returned intact by its finder.     钱原封未动地被捡拾者送还。
Few men know how you are finding its.     很少人知道你是怎样发现它的。
He is a very fine musician.     他是个卓越的音乐家。
She fingered the rich silk.     她抚摸着华丽的丝绒。
He drummed on the table with his fingers.     他用手指咚咚地敲打着桌子。
That was a close finish!     比赛几乎分不出胜负！
He finished the job at the expenses of his health.     他以牺牲健康完成了这项工作。
A finite list of choices; our finite fossil fuel reserves.     为数有限的选择；我们有限的矿物燃料贮量
He was fired by his boss.     他被他的老板解雇了。
Being a fireman sometimes may be dangerous.     做个消防队员有时候会有危险。
She felt warm only when she sat before the fireplace.     她只有坐在壁炉前才感觉到暖和。
Just you watch the fireworks when your father catches those boys!     等你父亲抓住那几个男孩子的时候，你就能看到他的火气有多大了。
The pound stayed firm against dollar in London but fell a little in New York.     在伦敦英镑对美元仍坚挺，但在纽约却跌了一点儿。
The envelope was firmly sealed.     这个信封封得很严实。
His firmness on his belief supported him in difficulties.     困境中，他坚定的信仰支撑着他。
example sentence not found
Read the text first and then explain the new words.     先读课文，然后解释生词。
We are trying to get a thorough understanding of the government's fiscal policy.     我们正努力对政府的财政政策进行全面的了解。
We caught three little fishes.     我们捉到三条小鱼。
The fisherman lost his boat in the storm.     渔夫在风暴中失去了他的船。
The ship is engaged in pelagic fishery.     这艘船从事远洋渔业。
We caught three little fishes.     我们捉到三条小鱼。
They would rather go fishing than stay at home.     他们宁愿去钓鱼，也不愿待在家里。
A substance, such as water or graphite, that is used in a nuclear reactor to decrease the speed of fast neutrons and increase the likelihood of fission.     慢化剂一种物质，如水或石墨在核反应堆中用来减缓中子运动速度和提高裂变可能性的物质
He shook his fist at me.     他对我挥舞着拳头。
He runs 3 miles every morning; that's why he is so fit.     他每天早晨跑三哩路，因此才那么健康。
Her fitness for the job should not be questioned.     她能胜任这项工作是无庸质疑的。
It was, in fine, a fitting end to the story.     总之，这是故事很恰当的结尾。
There are five apples on the table.     桌子上有五个苹果。
I must get the radio fixed.     我必须找人把收音机修理好。
He had the fixed idea that a woman's place was in the home.     他有个成见，认为女人的天地是在家里。
My watch has stopped it needs fixing.     我的表停了－－需要修理了。
The price includes all fixtures and fittings.     这个价钱把全部固定装置和设备都打在里面了。
Soft and flabby.     柔软松弛的
After walking for four hours we were beginning to flag.     步行了四个小时以后，我们开始累了。
My strength, interest, enthusiasm, etc is flagging.     我的力气、 兴趣、 热情等正在减退.
Flakes of rust are falling from the old iron pan.     一片片的锈从旧铁锅上落下。
His anger flamed up.     他勃然大怒。
The flames devoured the entire building.     火焰吞没了整栋大楼。
The road is flanked with trees and flowers.     路的两旁有花草。
The girl looked happy in her new flannel.     女孩穿着新的法兰绒衣服，看上去很高兴。
The curtains were flapping at the open window.     窗帘在敞开的窗户前摆动。
The fire flared up as I put more logs onto it.     我加了几块木材，火顿时亮了起来。
Flashes of lightning illuminated the scene.     闪电的亮光照亮了现场。
The flashing lights mean that the road is blocked.     那闪动的灯光表示此路不通.
I want to drink a flask of wine.     我想喝一瓶酒。
I got a flat on my way home.     在我回家的路上，我的车胎跑气了。
example sentence not found
He was totally flattened by her sarcasm.     她说的挖苦话使他无地自容.
This photograph flatters you.     这照片比你本人漂亮。
He's always flaunting his wealth.     他总是摆阔。
I don't like the flavor of onion.     我不喜欢洋葱的味道。
This bread has plenty of flavour.     这面包味道真好。
Your argument has a fatal flaw.     你的论点有一个致命的错误。
He killed his enemy and fled the country.     他杀了仇人，然后逃往国外。
The sheep's fleece was white as snow.     羊毛是雪白的。
The general ordered the fleet to remain where they were and wait for the further instructions.     将军命令舰队原地待命。
The author has managed to trace many incidents in which the long arm of confidence brought the heroine in fleeting touch with the members of the family.     作者设法追溯了许多事件，在这些事件中，由于离奇的机遇，使女主角与这一家庭有了短时间的接触。
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.     心有余而力不足。
The fleshy underside of the end of a finger or toe.     肉垫手指或脚趾末端多肉的下侧
Capable of being bent or flexed; pliable.     柔软的可弯曲或扭曲的；柔韧的
Flexibility, as in the shaft of a golf club.     弹性，韧性柔韧性，易变性，如高尔夫球棒的柄
This tube is flexible but tough.     这管子柔软但很坚固。
A slender smile still flickered across her face.     她脸上闪过一丝微笑。
She photographed the birds in flight.     她拍摄鸟儿飞行的照片。
He flung himself into his work with renewed vigor.     他又精神抖擞地投入自己的工作。
I had a quick flip through the book and it looked very interesting.     我很快翻阅了一下那本书，看来似乎很有趣。
I don't like going to parties because my husband always flirts with every girl in the room.     我不喜欢参加宴会，因为我丈夫老爱跟屋里的每个女孩调情。
Pay attention to your float!     注意你的浮子！
We can see the dust particles floating in the sunlight clearly.     我们可以很清楚地看到阳光下的灰尘颗粒。
There are many flocks of tourists in the palace.     宫殿里有好几群游客。
Every spring the river floods the valley.     每年春天河水把山谷淹没。
The conjunction of heavy rains and high winds caused flooding.     暴风雨的同时发生引起了洪水泛滥。
Our office is on the first floor.     我们的办公室在一楼。
example sentence not found
A device that reads data from and writes data onto a storage medium, such as a floppy disk.     驱动器从存储媒介（如软盘）上读出或写入数据的仪器
You may flour the pastry board so that the dough doesn't stick to it.     你可以在做糕点的面板上撒些面粉，这样揉好的面粉就不会粘到板上了。
She rushed in flourishing a document.     她急匆匆地走了进来，手里挥舞着一份文件。
This river flowed southwest to the Atlantic Ocean.     这条河流向西南，汇入大西洋。
example sentence not found
The garden will look very beautiful when all the plants are in flower.     等所有的植物都开花时，花园会显得非常漂亮。
I caught a flu and had to lie in the bed.     我得了流感，不得不卧床休息。
Silver: quiet. Value fluctuate lower in line with other precious metals on both bullion and futures market.     银：清淡。由于受最近交易低潮的影响，银和其他贵重金属一样，期货和现货市场的数量下降。
There are fluctuations in the state of his health.     他的健康状况时好时坏。
Neither fluency nor accuracy is easy to come by in learning a foreign language.     学习外语要达到流利或精确的程度都是不容易的。
He speaks fluent German.     他操一口流利的德语。
Clinging bits of fiber and fluff; fuzz.     棉绒，软棉布聚在一起的纤维和绒毛；细毛
Having a fluffy or woolly appearance.     絮状的有绒毛状或羊毛状外表的
Air whether in the gaseous or liquid state is a fluid.     空气，无论是气态的还是液态的，都是一种流体。
example sentence not found
He shielded his eyes from, the glare of the overhead fluorescent lights     他遮住头顶上方荧光灯曲目的光以保护眼睹。
example sentence not found
She shows a flush of joy at his coming.     对他的到来她表现出一阵兴奋。
Can you play the flute?     你会吹长笛吗？
Banners fluttered in the breeze.     旗帜在微风中飘扬。
An instrument for measuring a property of light, especially luminous intensity or flux.     光度计用来测量光的性质、尤其是光的强度和通量的仪器
How time flies!     时间过得真快！
example sentence not found
He was foaming at the mouth because of his daughter's rudeness.     他女儿的粗暴态度使他暴跳如雷。
You can't fob an expert off with cheap imitations.     用廉价的仿制品骗不了行家.
He always wants to be the focus of attention.     他总想成为注意力的焦点。
These documents are useless - they are only wastebasket fodder.     这些文件毫无用处，只配扔进废纸篓里。
The knight was murdered by his foes.     那位骑士被他的敌人谋杀了。
I was really in a fog after the exam.     考完试后，我真的感到稀里糊涂。
His ideas on this subject are a bit foggy.     他对这个问题的看法有些模糊。
This box of chocolate was wrapped round with foil.     这盒巧克力用箔纸包着。
The paper should be folded in half.     这张纸应该对折。
A container, such as a cabinet or folder, for keeping papers in order.     文件夹按顺序放置文件的容器，如档案柜或文件夹
A folding or small desk stool at which worshipers kneel to pray, especially one on which the British sovereign kneels at the time of coronation.     祈祷椅礼拜着跪着祈祷时使用的一种可折叠的小凳子，尤指英格兰国王举行加冕礼时使用的
We carried armfuls of foliage to the bonfire.     我们给篝火堆挟来几抱枝叶。
There was a folio missing in the book.     这本书中少了一页。
I'd like you to meet my folks.     我想要你见见我的父母。
I didn't quite follow; could you explain it again?     我不太明白，你能再解释一下吗？
Many ancient Greeks were followers of Socrates.     许多古希腊人都是苏格拉底的追随者。
It rained on the day we arrived, but the following day was sunny.     我们到达的那天正下雨，但次日天气晴朗。
A fan, especially a young woman, who follows a rock group around on tours.     流行乐团迷跟随摇滚乐队巡回演出的迷恋者，尤指年轻女性
My little son is fond of playing practical jokes on me.     我的小儿子喜欢对我玩恶作剧。
example sentence not found
I prefer vegetarian food.     我喜欢吃素食。
Rice is our essential foodstuff in life.     大米是我们生活的基本食物。
That silly child never does anything; he just fools about all day long.     那个傻孩子从来不做事，只是整天游手好闲。
I felt rather foolish when I couldn't answer the teacher's question.     当我回答不出老师的提问时，我觉得自己很愚蠢。
He got to his feet when he saw her father came in.     他看到她父亲走进来就站了起来。
I like watching football match on TV.     我喜欢在电视上看足球比赛。
example sentence not found
The workers want to be on an equal footing with the managers.     工人要求与经理地位平等。
In printing, a term used in footnote meaninghere and there.     在印刷技术中，一种在脚注中使用的意为“到处”的术语。
There are many footsteps in the snow.     雪地上有许多脚印。
The dog cocked its ears at the sound of footsteps.     狗听到脚步声竖起了耳朵。
He shook his head, for he thought differently.     他摇摇头，因为他的想法与此不同。
I forbid you to tell anyone.     我不许你告诉任何人。
The Forbidden City is one of the world's greatest works of architecture.     紫禁城是世界上最伟大的建筑之一。
The force of the explosion broke all the windows in the building.     爆炸的力量震碎了这座建筑上的所有窗户。
The boss forced this difficult task upon him.     老板强迫他做此难事。
He sat in the fore part of the train.     他坐在火车的前部。
The joint between the hand and the forearm.     腕，腕关节手和前臂之间的关节
According to the weather forecast it will rain tomorrow.     天气预报说明天有雨。
One of his forefathers was an early settler in America.     他的祖先之一是美洲的早期移民。
Our foreman, Mr. Li Ming, met an accident on July6. He crushed his forefinger when operating a machine.     我厂领班李明先生在7月6日遇到意外，李先生开动机器时食指被压。
Coming before in place or order; foregoing.     在前的，处在前面的在地点或计划之前的；在前的
The figures of the horses in the foreground are out of proportion.     前景中的马画得不成比例.
The car bumped and his forehead hit the glass.     汽车颠簸了一下，他的前额撞到了玻璃上。
The swelling on her finger was caused by a foreign body in it.     她的手指肿胀是手指内有异物引起的。
He never met a foreigner who spoke such perfect Chinese.     他从未见过中国话讲得这样纯正的外国人。
The foreman is supervising their work.     领班正在检查他们的工作。
Do you know who is the foremost writer in the English language?     你知道谁是最重要的英语作家吗？
Anglo-Saxon is the forerunner of modern English.     盎格鲁撒克逊语是现代英语的先驱。
He foresaw that his journey would be delayed by bad weather.     他预知自己的旅程会被恶劣天气耽搁。
He lost his way in the forest.     他在森林中迷路了。
Very little forestry is left unexplored nowadays.     如今未经勘测的森林是少之又少了。
The Messiah, as foretold by the prophets of the Old Testament.     救世主《旧约》中的先知们预言的救世主
The lovers promised to be faithful forever.     这对情人互相许诺永不变心。
He who murders pays the forfeit of his life.     杀人者偿命。
They forged their manager's signature on the cheque.     他们在支票上伪造了经理的签名。
He was sent to prison for forgery.     他因犯伪造罪被关进监狱。
I'm sorry; I've forgotten your name.     对不起，我忘了你的名字。
You should forgive him for his forgetfulness; after all, he is over seventy.     你应该原谅他的健忘症，毕竟他已经七十多岁了。
I forgave him his crimes.     我饶恕了他的罪行。
He picked up his knife and fork.     他捡起了刀叉。
A plan began to form in his head.     一项计划在他脑子中形成。
Business letters must always be formal, but we should write in a natural way to friends.     商业信函必须是正式的，但是写信给朋友应写得自然一些。
You should go through the legal formality.     你应该办理合法手续。
The book has been styled in a modern format.     该书已按照现代版式制作。
There are several kinds of cloud formations.     云层的构成方式有好几种。
A program-defined hierarchical ordering of data for a record. Elements within a structure may be formatted differently from each other, whereas elements in an array must all have the same format.     对记录而言，程序定义的数据分层次序。结构内的元素的格式可能彼此不同，而一个数组中的元素的格式必须相同。
The format of the meeting was such that everyone could ask a question.     会议安排好可让每个人都能提一个问题.
Although iron and steel products are all around us, I do not know how they are formed into various form.     虽然我们的周围都有钢铁制品，我却不知道它们是怎么样加工成形的。
Mr. Heath is the former Prime Minister of Britain.     希思先生是英国前任首相。
Smocks were formerly worn by farm-workers.     这种罩衫是旧时农民穿的.
They climbed up the last part of the mountain in formidable weather conditions.     他们在恶劣的天气条件下登上了山的顶峰。
What is the formula for water?     水的分子式是什么？
The contract was formulated in difficult legal language.     该合同是用深奥的法律术语订立的。
The act or process of stating a precise meaning or significance; formulation of a meaning.     解释对意思或意义的精确表达或表达的过程；对意思确切的阐述
He has forsaken the bad habit of smoking.     他已改掉了吸烟的坏习惯。
There are eight forts in this section of the Great Wall.     这一段长城有八个垛口。
Singing is not really my forte, but I'll try.     唱歌实在不是我擅长的，但是我试着唱唱看。
He went forth into the desert to pray.     他向前走到沙漠中祈祷。
The forthcoming elections.     即将到来的选举
Good eating habits help to fortify the body against disease.     好的饮食习惯有助于强身防病。
He bore the pain with great fortitude.     他以极大的毅力忍受了痛苦。
I see them about once a fortnight.     我大约两星期见他们一次。
Courses taken that would be useful for computer programming are: Computer science, systems design and analysis, FORTRAN programming, PASCAL programming, operating systems, systems management.     对计算机编程有用的课程有：计算机学、系统设计与分析、FORTRAN编程学、PASCAL编程学、操作系统、系统管理。
There are many fortresses in this area.     这片地区有许多堡垒。
Occurring by chance; fortuitous.     侥幸的碰巧发生的，幸运的
example sentence not found
You are fortunate to have such a reasonable father.     你有这样一位通情达理的父亲，真是幸运。
Fortunately the pilot bailed out before the plane crashed.     飞机坠毁之前，驾驶员幸运地跳伞了。
These two brothers decided to go to America to try their fortunes.     这兄弟俩决定去美国碰碰运气。
His hair became gray when he was only forty.     他刚刚四十岁时，头发就变得灰白了。
There was a forum where meetings were held.     那儿曾是集会的场所。
He is forward in his English.     他的英语有进步。
Having all toes pointing forwards. Used of certain birds.     四趾向前的足趾向前方长的。用于某些鸟类
He found a piece of fossil of an ancient bird.     他发现一块古代鸟类的化石。
The mother tried to foster her son's interest in music.     母亲设法培养儿子对音乐的兴趣。
She has a foul temper.     她脾气暴躁。
example sentence not found
This business company was founded in 1724.     这家商业公司建立于1724年。
He laid the foundation of his success by study and hard work.     他通过学习和努力工作为成功打下了基础。
He is the founder of the party.     他是该党的创建者。
The parks of this city are famous for their ornate fountains.     这个城市的公园以其华丽的喷泉而著名。
Six minus two equals four.     六减去二等于四。
example sentence not found
His daughter is fourteen years old.     他的女儿十四岁了。
After her fourth child she decided to have herself sterilized.     她生了第四个孩子后决定做绝育手术。
There are many kinds of fowl.     家禽的种类很多。
Don't trust him, he is a sly old fox.     别相信他，他像老狐狸一样狡猾。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
One forth is a proper fraction.     四分之一是一个真分数。
Speech is fractional; silence is integral.     讲话是分数；沉默是整数。
Her leg fractured in two places.     她的腿有两处骨折。
He's feeling a bit fragile after last night's party.     他参加了昨晚的聚会之后，现在觉得有些虚弱。
example sentence not found
The interruption fragmented his argument.     他的辩论因被打断而显得不完整。
example sentence not found
A rock fragment between4 and64 millimeters(0.16 and2.51 inches) in diameter, especially one that has been naturally rounded.     水晶石石英断片，直径4到64毫米（0。16到2。51英寸），尤指天然圆形的石英颗粒
I can smell the fragrance of flowers after showers.     我可以闻到雨后鲜花的清香。
The air in the garden was warm and fragrant.     花园里的空气一片温馨。
The frail wooden bridge cracked.     这座不牢固的木桥断裂了。
The government is framing a new bill to control gambling.     政府在制定新的法案以控制赌博。
It's a bridge of steel framework.     那是座钢铁结构的桥梁。
The government is framing a new bill to control gambling.     政府在制定新的法案以控制赌博。
Paris is the capital of France.     巴黎是法国的首都。
He runs his sandwich chain as a franchise operation.     作为一种给予特许专营权业务，他经营三明治连锁店。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
To be very frank, I think you have very little chance of getting the job.     坦白地说，我认为你获得这项工作的机会微乎其微。
The Senate started on the right fool. In1986, it limited its franking budget to half the total appropriation for both chambers. That seemed fair because the100 senators represent the same total number of constituents as the435 House members.     参院走出了正确的第一步。1986年把参院的免费邮件预算限制在参众两院该项预算总和的半数。100位参议员与435位众议员的选民人数一样，所以看来这是公平的做法。
Quite frankly, I'm not surprised.     坦白地说，我并不感到意外。
She was frantic with worry.     她愁得要命。
This hair-tonic is a fraud; I'm as bald as ever.     这生发剂是骗人的玩艺，我还是和以前一样秃。
The expedition through the jungle was fraught with difficulties and danger.     穿越森林的探险充满了艰辛和危险。
People think she's a freak just because she's religious.     就因为她信教，人们就把她当成怪物。
The prisoners wish to be free again.     囚犯们希望重获自由。
I'm old enough to have the freedom to do as I like.     我已经足够大了，有权去做我喜欢做的事。
These goods are freely available.     这些商品大量供应。
Water freezes at the temperature of 0 degrees Celsius.     水在摄氏零度结冰。
There's always the food in the freezer if need be.     需要食物的话, 冰箱里就有.
This freight must be carefully handled.     这些货物必须小心搬运。
This student is good at French.     这个学生法语好。
It is said that Frenchmen are among the most romantic people in the world.     据说法国人是世界上最浪漫的民族之一。
Accidents on that highway are happening with increasing frequency.     那条高速公路上车祸发生得越来越频繁。
He is a frequent visitor to our house.     他是我们家的常客。
He comes to visit me frequently.     他经常来看我。
Open the window and let in some fresh air.     打开窗户，让新鲜的空气进来。
Can I freshen your drink?     我再给你添些酒好吗?
Proctor(exceedingly angry):So you confess that this unfortunate freshman was carried to this frog pond and drenched?     学监（非常生气）：“现在你承认这可怜的新生被扔进这蛙池里浑身湿透？”
You are fretting yourself needlessly.     你是在不必要地折磨自己。
Friction against the rock, combined with the weight of the climber, caused his rope to break.     与岩石之间的摩擦加上攀登者的重量，使得绳子断了。
He comes to visit his aged parents after work on every Friday.     每个星期五下班后，他去看望年迈的父母。
The butter will soften out of the fridge.     黄油从冰箱中取出会变软.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.     患难之交才是真朋友。
He was not very friendly to us.     他对我们不太友善。
My friends and I went to the park together on a cloudless day.     在一个晴朗的天气里，我和朋友们一起去公园。
Real friendship is more valuable than money.     真正的友谊比金钱更宝贵。
He gave me a fright by bursting into a sudden laughter.     他突然大笑起来，吓了我一跳。
He frightened the old man into giving him all the money.     他恐吓那位老人把所有的钱都给了他。
The magnitude of the epidemic was frightening.     这种流行病传播范围之广令人惶惶不安。
These frightful experiences are branded on his memory.     这些可怕的经历深深印入他的记忆。
A fringe of trees stood round the pool.     池塘四周耸立着一圈树木。
She thought that reading romantic novels was a frivolous way of spending her time.     她认为看浪漫小说是虚度时光。
He is walking to and fro in the room.     他在房间内踱来踱去。
This monk wears a gray frock.     这个和尚穿着灰色的僧袍。
The frog jumped away.     青蛙跳走了。
The sky slowly changed from blue to red.     天空慢慢由蓝色变为红色。
The front of the postcard shows a picture of our hotel.     明信片正面是我们旅馆的图片。
The frontiers of medical knowledge are being pushed forwards as time goes on.     医学知识的新领域正随着时间向前推进。
The cold has frosted the windows.     寒冷的天气使窗子上结满了霜。
Frosty windows make great surfaces for children to draw on.     有霜的窗户是孩子们画画的好地方。
The teacher frowned angrily at the noisy class.     老师对那班吵吵嚷嚷的学生皱起了眉头。
Permanently frozen subsoil, occurring throughout the Polar Regions and locally in perennially frigid areas.     永冻土永久冰冻的下层土壤，出现在整个北极地区和部分长期寒冷的地区
I had a frugal meal of bread and cheese last night.     我昨晚吃了只有面包和奶酪的便餐。
The potato is a vegetable, not a fruit.     马铃薯是一种蔬菜，不是一种水果。
The apple tree is seldom fruitful.     这棵苹果树很少结果。
Success is the fruition of his years of work.     成功是他多年工作的成果。
I'm feeling rather frustrated in my present job; I need a change.     我感到现在干得很不顺心，需要换一换工作。
Every job has its frustrations.     每种工作都有让人不称心的地方。
example sentence not found
Shall I fry the fish for dinner?     晚饭要不要我炸鱼？
All aircraft must fuel before flight.     所有飞机飞行前都必须加油。
In spite of all the difficulties, we fulfilled our task ahead of schedule.     尽管有许多困难，我们还是提前完成了任务。
Does your job fulfill your expectations?     你的工作符合你的期望吗？
The roses are in full bloom.     玫瑰花盛开了。
I don't fully understand his reasons for leaving.     我不完全理解他离开的理由。
She fumbled about in her handbag for a pen.     她在手提袋中搜寻钢笔。
He fumed at the delay.     他对耽搁感到愤怒。
People make fun of her because she always speaks foolishly.     人们嘲笑她，因为她常说傻话。
The minister has to attend all kinds of functions.     部长必须参加各种集会。
I'm hardly functional if I don't get eight hours' sleep!     我要是不睡上八个小时就无法工作。
example sentence not found
Now we can do that as we have funds.     现在我们手头有现款就可以办这事了。
There is a fundamental difference in attitude between these two politicians.     这两位政治家的态度有着根本的区别。
This expense has depleted our funds.     这笔花费已使我们的资金所剩无几.
The funeral made its way slowly through the streets.     送葬队伍缓缓地穿过街道。
The roses are suffering from fungus.     玫瑰花得了真菌病。
I need a funnel to pour petrol into the tank.     我需要一个漏斗把汽油灌进油箱.
The story was very funny.     这个故事非常可笑。
The dog's fur was matted with blood.     那只狗的毛皮上沾有血迹。
There was a furious knock at the door.     有人在猛烈地敲门。
This room is like a furnace.     这屋子热得象火炉一样。
The shop furnishes everything that is needed for camping.     这家商店供应各种野营用品。
We will buy some furniture for our new house.     我们得给我们的新房子买些家具。
The country roads were muddy and full of furrows left by farm carts.     乡间道路泥泞不堪，布满了牛车压出的车辙。
I was too tired to walk any further.     我累得再也走不动了。
The house isn't big enough for me, and furthermore, it's too far from the town.     这栋房子不够我们住，而且，它离市区太远。
Our house is the furthest away.     我们的房屋是离这里最远的一座。
In a fury, she could not speak.     她气得连话也说不出来。
The fuse-box is in the kitchen.     保险丝盒子在厨房里。
Lead will fuse at quite a low temperature.     铅会在相当低的温度下熔化。
Americans are the fusion of many different races.     美国人是各种种族人的熔合体。
There is sure to be a fuss when my parents find the window is broken.     我父母发现窗子被打破后，一定会有一番斥责。
Some girls like fussy dresses.     有些女孩喜欢讲究的衣服。
What a futile remark!     纯属废话!
I wish you a very happy future.     我祝你有非常幸福的未来。
Generally speaking, futures contract, not the commodity, is sold and bought in the futures market.     一般来说，在期货市场上买进卖出的是期货契约，而不是商品。
example sentence not found
It's a rain gage.     这是一个测雨器。
They gaily went on talking after the film had started.     电影开演后，他们还在毫无顾忌地讲话。
No pain, no gain.     一分耕耘,一分收获。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The man walked along with an unsteady gait.     那人脚步不稳地向前走去。
example sentence not found
Thanksgiving in the United States is partly a religious festival, and partly a gala day.     感恩节在美国，一部分是宗教的节日，一部分是狂欢的节日。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A galaxy of film stars attended the premiere.     一群影星参加了首次公演。
The ship lost her masts in the gale.     这船的桅樯被强风吹断了。
It didn't make much sense to Galileo to have different rules for motion on earth and in space.     对伽利略来说，地球上和太空中有不同的运动法则是没有多大意义。
He had the gall to sue for damages.     他居然有脸要求赔偿。
He was very gallant at the ball.     他在舞会上对妇女大献殷勤。
He won many hearts by his gallantry.     他以勇敢赢得芳心无数。
Relating to, characterized by, or experiencing gastric distress caused by a disorder of the liver or gallbladder.     由肝或胆囊不适引起的胃难受的由肝或胆囊不适引起的胃难受的、以之为特点的或感受之的
The story of a galleon that sank at the start of her maiden voyage in1628 must be one of the strangest tales of the sea.     在1628年，有一艘大帆船在处女航开始时就沉没了，这个沉船故事一定是最神奇的海上轶事之一。
The young painter has exhibited (his work) in several galleries.     那年轻画家的作品已在几家美术馆中展出.
His pictures were showed in the gallery.     他的画在画廊展出。
The boy was caught and sold to be a galley slave.     这个男孩被抓住，并被卖到战舰上做奴隶。
example sentence not found
They should spend less time gallivanting about and more with their children.     他们应少到各处游荡, 多用些时间照看子女.
He added 2 gallons of fuel to his car.     他给汽车加了2加仑油。
He rode off at a gallop.     他骑马疾驰而去。
The murderer was sentenced to the gallows.     杀人犯被判处绞刑。
Bargains galore!     备有丰富之特价品。
The manager's arrival galvanized the workers into activity.     经理一来, 工人闻风而动.
example sentence not found
His opening gambit at the debate is a direct attack on government policy.     他在辩论中的策略是先直接抨击政府的政策。
He gambled all his winnings on the last race.     他把赢得的钱全都压在最后一场赛马上了。
By crafts the gambler tricked them out of all their money.     那个赌徒用诡计赢去了他们所有的钱。
The government is framing a new bill to control gambling.     政府在制定新的法案以控制赌博。
There are many children gamboling around.     那儿有很多嬉戏蹦跳的儿童。
Let's have a game of cards.     我们来玩纸牌游戏吧。
example sentence not found
The children are addicted to computer games.     （喻）孩子们对计算机游戏上了瘾。
Standers-by see more than gamesters.     【谚】当局者迷，旁观者清。
Nuclear disintegration or transformation caused by absorption of high-energy radiation, as of gamma rays.     光致分裂由吸收高能量辐射、如射线而引起的核分裂或核转换
He runs the whole gamut of dissipation.     他干尽了放荡的事儿。
If you can arrive late, then so can I: what's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.     你可以迟到, 那我也可以晚来: 一视同仁嘛.
The gang is being hunted by the police.     这帮人正被警方追捕。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
These gangsters have been extinguished by the police.     这群匪徒已被警方消灭。
Please clear the gangway, thanks for your cooperation.     请别堵住通道，谢谢各位合作。
example sentence not found
Strikes by prison officers underline the need for reform in our gaols.     监狱工作人员罢工一事，突出地表明我们的监狱制度需要改革。
example sentence not found
The road goes through a gap in the hills.     这条路穿过两条山脉之间的峡谷。
She gaped at the tall man, not believing that he was her younger brother.     她张嘴呆看着那个高个子，不相信他就是她的弟弟。
example sentence not found
He sent his car to the garage for repair.     他把汽车送到修车厂修理。
She threw the leftovers in the garbage.     她把剩饭倒进垃圾桶。
He is building a greenhouse in his garden.     他正在花园中建温室。
It is said that the Frenchman may be the best gardener in the world.     据说法国人是世界上最好的园丁。
I received a set of gardening tools on my birthday.     生日那天，我收到一套园艺工具。
She put several cloves of garlic in the dish.     她在菜里放了几瓣大蒜。
That woman is a garment worker.     那位妇人是一位制衣工人。
The government will garrison the coastal towns.     政府将派军驻守沿海的城镇。
Air is a mixture of gases.     空气是气体的混合物。
The ball is filled with gaseous mixture.     那个球被充满了气体混合物。
Our gasoline has been used up.     我们的汽油用完了。
I gasped with surprise at the unexpected news.     听到意外的消息，我惊讶地吸了一口气。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The carriage passed through the palace gate.     马车进入了宫殿的大门。
Hard work is the gateway to success.     辛勤工作是通往成功之路。
A crowd gathered to see what had happened.     一群人聚拢起来看发生了什么事。
We are invited to a small social gathering.     我们被邀请参加一个小型社交聚会。
These are cheap and gaudy clothes.     这是些廉价而花哨的衣服。
It was difficult to gauge how people would respond.     大家的反应如何难以估计。
The old house stood gaunt and empty, a complete ruin.     那栋旧房子荒凉空洞地伫立着，像一堆废墟。
I love the gay colors in the market.     我喜欢市场上缤纷的色彩。
She sat gazing out of the window.     她坐着凝视着窗外。
The plumber stowed all his gear in a canvas bag.     管子工把他所有的工具都装进一只帆布袋里。
My ideas are beginning to gel.     我的想法逐渐形成了.
My secretary is an absolute gem.     我的秘书真是个难能可贵的人。
German has three genders.     德语中有三性。
The degree to which an expressed gene produces its effects in an organism.     基因的表现度描述一个组织中的一个基因产生作用的程度
Please give me a general idea of the work.     请告诉我这项工作的梗概。
A generalization of arithmetic in which symbols, usually letters of the alphabet, represent numbers or members of a specified set of numbers and are related by operations that hold for all numbers in the set.     代数学计算的普遍原理，其中通常为字母表中字母的符号，其代表数字或一组特定数字中的几个数字，它们通过对组中全部数字都适合的运算法则相联系
Europeans, if I may generalize, are all...     倘若我可以大致说说的话, 欧洲人都...
The plan has been generally accepted.     这个计划被普遍地接受了。
This hatred was generated by racial prejudice.     这种仇恨是由种族偏见引起的。
My generation behaves differently from my father's.     我们这一代人的所作所为和我父亲的那一代人不同。
We have an auxiliary generator in case of power cuts.     我们有一台万一断电时使用的备用发电机。
The generic term for wine, spirits and beer is alcoholic beverages'.     葡萄洒、 烈性洒、 啤酒的通称是酒类饮料.
I appreciate your generosity in this matter.     我很欣赏你在这件事上表现出来的宽大胸怀。
Wages here are generous.     这里报酬优厚。
He chose genetic engineering to be his lifelong career.     他选择了遗传工程学作为终生的事业。
Genetics is beyond my scope.     遗传学我是外行。
There were diplomats of all nationalities in Geneva.     日内瓦有世界各国的外交官。
Her genial smile made every guest feel at home.     她亲切的笑容使每个人都感觉宾至如归。
It is rare to find such a genius nowadays.     这样的天才现在很少见。
My new teacher is a very gentle person.     我的新老师是一个温文尔雅的人。
Please bring this gentleman a glass of beer.     请给这位先生来杯啤酒。
She always speaks gently to the child.     她对孩子说话总是很温和。
He has a genuine desire to help us.     他真心诚意地愿意帮助我们。
Affecting or peculiar to animals of a specific geographic area. Used of a disease.     地方性的影响或特别作用于某一特定地区的动物的，用于疾病
The professor will give a lecture of geographical features.     教授将要做关于地理特征的讲座。
He studied physical geography.     他研究自然地理。
A database supplied by American Geological Institute and dealing with earth sciences.     由美国地质学会提供的一种数据库，用于研究地学。
I've studied geology in my college.     我在大学里已经学过地质学。
I feel that geometry is a difficult subject.     我认为几何是一门难学的课程。
Disinfectant kills germs.     消毒剂灭杀细菌。
A German scientist interrupted me and asked if I came from China.     一位德国科学家打断了我，并问我是否来自中国。
The fact is not germane to this issue.     此事实兴此问题无密切关系。
Germany is an European country.     德国是一个欧洲国家。
She gestured her disappointment by laying her hand on her forehead.     她把手放在额头上，以表示失望。
I'll get the book you want.     我去给你拿那本你想要的书。
What a ghastly place that house is!     那座房子是个多么可怕的地方啊！
He was shaking with fright as if he had seen a ghost.     他吓得直哆嗦，就好像看见了鬼一样。
example sentence not found
Shakespeare is a giant among writers.     莎士比亚是作家中的大文豪。
He has a gift for music.     他有音乐天赋。
She was a distinguished scientist and a gifted painter into the bargain.     她是一位杰出的科学家－－同时还是一位很有才华的画家呢。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The company has made gigantic losses this year, and will probably be out of business.     这个公司今年亏损巨大，有可能倒闭。
What a giggle!     多有意思的玩意儿!
example sentence not found
There is no ginger in him.     他身上没有活力。
His little girl is ill.     他的小女儿病了。
example sentence not found
He gave a bunch of flowers to his girlfriend.     他送给女友一束花。
I've just been given a 2000 pay rise.     我刚获得2000英镑的加薪.
By just exchange one for another giver.     就这样以心相许相与。
He showed me a drawing of the glacier.     他给我看一张冰川图。
I'm very glad to meet you.     见到你很高兴。
She added a touch of glamour by wearing a beautiful dress.     她换上一件漂亮衣服，增添了一分魅力。
The glasses glanced and twinkled in the firelight.     杯子在炉火照耀下闪闪发亮。
This is a snake's poison gland.     这就是蛇的毒腺。
The sun glared on the sea.     太阳在海上发出令人目眩的光芒。
I cut my hand on some broken glass.     碎玻璃割伤了我的手。
I can't read small print without my glasses.     我不戴眼镜看不清小字体。
Glazed pottery or glassware bearing a decorative surface network of fine cracks.     裂瓷一种表面饰有细碎裂纹图案的上釉陶器或玻璃制品
The lighthouse of the island gleamed in the distance.     远处岛上的灯塔在闪耀着。
The figure skater glided gracefully over the ice.     花样滑冰者在冰上优雅地滑行。
He showed no glimmer of interest in what you had offered.     他对你给他的东西没流露出一丝兴趣。
I only caught a glimpse of him sitting in the car, so I can't tell exactly what he looked like.     我只瞥见他坐在车里，所以我无法确切说出他长得什么样。
The street glistened in the rain.     街道在雨水中闪光。
example sentence not found
The diamond ring on her finger glittered in the light.     她手指上的钻石戒指在灯光下闪闪发光。
David's house is quite close to the Global Theater.     大卫的家离环球剧院很近。
example sentence not found
The sun looked like an orange globe.     太阳看上去象只橘黄色的球体。
The news of defeat cast a gloom over the town.     战败的消息给小城蒙上了一层忧郁。
It's a gloomy day.     这是一个令人沮丧的日子。
The setting sun glorified the scene.     落日使景色更美。
We had a glorious time at the seaside.     我们在海边度过了愉快的时光。
His brave deeds in the battle earned him everlasting glory.     他在那场战斗中的英勇事迹为他赢得了永恒的荣誉。
The minister has put a different gloss on recent developments.     部长就局势的最新发展作了另一番解释。
example sentence not found
It's getting cool and I have to take out my woolen gloves.     天气变冷了，我不得不把毛线手套拿出来了。
I can't feel anything through these gloves.     我戴著手套什麽都摸不出来.
The cat's eyes glowed in the darkness.     猫的眼睛在黑暗中发亮。
He glued a stamp onto the envelope.     他把邮票贴在信封上。
The glut of apples sent the prices down.     苹果大量上市，使价钱低了下来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
These desires gnawed away at us constantly.     这些欲望不断地折磨我们。
example sentence not found
How are things going?     事情进行得如何？
They are motivated by the twin goads of punishment and reward.     他们受赏与罚的双重因素所激励。
You'd better set a goal before you start the drill.     练习开始前，你最好设定一个目标。
Can you distinguish goat from sheep?     你能把山羊和绵羊区分开吗？
God bless you!     愿上帝保佑你！
Diana is the goddess of hunting in Greek and Latin mythology.     戴安娜在希腊罗马神话中是狩猎女神。
All is not gold that glitters.     闪闪发光的未必都是黄金。
Your future here is golden.     你在这里的前途是光辉灿烂的。
Let's play a round of golf.     我们打一场高尔夫球吧。
example sentence not found
Smoking is not good for your health.     吸烟对你的健康没有好处。
example sentence not found
Nothing remains except for me to say goodbye.     最後我该说一声再见了.
Will you have the goodness to show me the way?     请告诉我怎么走，好吗？
The goods are of poor quality.     这些货物质量不好。
Given sufficient goodwill on both sides, there's no reason why this dispute shouldn't be resolved.     只要双方都有充分的善意，这种纠纷是没有理由解决不了的。
This goose is much larger than the duck.     这只母鹅比那只鸭子大多了。
The old stock had deteriorated and was all mixed up so the manager decided to cut the Gordian knot, sell it all as scrap, and re-stock with new materials.     库存品已经变质，而且全都搞混了，因此经理决定快刀斩乱麻，把它们当作废品出售，然后重新储藏新的物资。
His gorge rose at the sight of gore.     他一看到血污就作呕。
The night sky is now gorgeous with billions of stars.     星斗万千，夜空璀璨。
The gorilla is something of a paradox in the African scene.     在非洲大舞台上大猩猩有点象似是而非的隽语。
There has been much gossip in political circles.     政界里有许多流言蜚语。
Have you got that?     你明白我的意思吗？
example sentence not found
Gout is a form of arthritis.     痛风是关节炎的一种。
They demand the right to govern themselves.     他们要求自治权。
example sentence not found
The country has always had fair government.     这个国家一直治理得不错。
He was elected governor of the state of California.     他当选为加利弗尼亚州州长。
She wore a black silk evening gown.     她穿着一件黑色丝质晚礼服。
When I gave him the chance, he grabbed it at once.     我给他这一机会，他立刻抓住不放。
example sentence not found
We were graced with the presence of the Queen.     女王光临，我们感到不胜荣幸。
She runs up the stairs with a light graceful step.     她以轻快优雅的步子奔上楼去。
He is gracious to his inferiors.     他待下级和蔼可亲。
It was hard to understand all the minute gradations of their bureaucracy.     很难弄清楚他们那套官僚体制全部细微的层次分别。
He's not in the first grade as a musician.     他不是第一流的音乐家。
There has been a gradual increase in the number of people owning cars.     拥有汽车的人数一直在逐渐上升。
Little by little; gradually.     一点一点地；逐渐地
He graduated as an M.D. at Edinburgh.     他毕业于爱丁堡大学，获得医学博士学位。
John was asked to deliver a speech on the graduation.     约翰被邀请在毕业典礼上发表演讲。
He was caught by the police because of the graft and corruption.     他因贿赂贪污被警察抓了起来。
Grain is their chief export.     谷物是他们的主要出口物资。
A balance designed to weigh very small loads, up to0.1 gram.     微量天平用来称量极其小量重量的天平，精确到0。1克
I found German grammar to be very difficult.     我发现德语语法很难学。
In general, a grammatical clause contain a subject and a predicate.     一般说来，一个合乎文法的子句包含有主词与述语。
example sentence not found
He must have hit the jackpot with the sales of his last gramophone record.     他卖掉最后的一张留声机唱片，一定赚了大钱。
That remote barren land has blossomed into rich granaries.     过去的穷乡僻壤变成了富饶的谷仓。
How grand the mountains look in the early evening!     暮色中群山是多么壮丽！
It's you grandchild? Oh, shut up, you put years on me.     这是你的孙子吗？啊，别说了！你把我说得那么老了。
The old man told his granddaughter to play to him to see if she had improved since he last heard her play.     老人叫孙女给他演奏乐器，看看自从上次听她演奏以来她是不是有了进步。
His grandfather passed away last year.     他的祖父去年去世了。
I will go to visit my grandmother next week.     下星期我要去看我的外婆。
Please don't send Grandparent to a rest home for old people, I know he would rather die with his boots on.     请不要把祖父送到敬老院去，我知道他宁愿生命不息，工作不已。
The old man goes to see his grandson twice a week.     这位老人每星期去看他的孙子两次。
He has a heart of granite.     他有一副铁石心肠。
I grant that your explanation is reasonable.     我承认你的解释是合理的。
Money, property, a deed, or a bond put into the custody of a third party for delivery to a grantee only after the fulfillment of the conditions specified.     契约，合同指钱、权利、契据或契约等暂交第三者保管，待某种条件实现后再交付受让人或权利人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He cut off a bunch of grapes to entertain us.     他剪下一串葡萄招待我们。
The graph flattens out gradually after a steep fall.     图表上的曲线突降之後逐渐趋於平稳.
The newspaper article gave a graphic description of the earthquake.     报纸文章生动地描述了地震的情况。
She described the events so graphically that I could almost see them.     她把那些事件描述得活灵活现，我几乎象是能够亲眼目睹了。
A hand-held, button-activated input device that when rolled along a flat surface directs an indicator to move correspondingly about a computer screen, allowing the operator to move the indicator freely, as to select operations or manipulate text or graphics.     鼠标一种手用的、用按扭控制的输入设备，当在平台上滑动时可以相应地移动计算机屏幕上的指示箭头，使得操作者可以随意控制指示箭头，由此来选择项目、控制内容或作图
I kept her hands in my grasp.     我紧握着她的手。
We play football on the grass.     我们在草地上踢足球。
I hadn't seen a grasshopper for years since I moved into the city.     从我搬进城里以后，我有好几年没见过蚂蚱了。
His whistling grated on her nerves.     他的口哨声使她心烦。
Your kindness is grateful.     你的友善令人感激。
I was gratified to see how much my birthday present was appreciated.     看到我的生日礼物受到极大的赞赏，我感到高兴。
It is gratifying to see one's efforts rewarded.     看到自己的努力有所收获是令人高兴的。
We provide gratis service.     我们提供免费服务。
She showed me her gratitude by inviting me to dinner.     她邀请我吃饭以表示她的感激。
A tip; a gratuity.     小费；赏钱
The situation poses a grave threat to world peace.     这局势对世界和平构成了严重的威胁。
They went out for a walk on the gravelled path.     他们在碎石小径上散步。
He doesn't seem to understand the gravity of the situation.     他似乎没有意识到形势的严重性。
I made some gravy soup for my husband.     我给我丈夫做了一些肉汤。
He dressed in gray.     他穿灰色衣服。
She fell down and grazed her knee.     她摔倒在地，碰破了膝盖。
If you grease the lock it will turn more easily.     如果你给这把锁涂上油脂，转动起来就容易了。
It was a great loss to us all.     这对我们所有人来说都是一个巨大的损失。
His writing has improved greatly in this semester.     这学期他的写作有了很大进步。
I admire him for his greatness.     我敬佩他的高尚。
Greece is located in the south of Europe.     希腊位于欧洲南部。
It's the tempter of greed that led him into crime.     是贪婪这种诱惑物使他步入罪恶。
He looked at the shop window with greedy eyes.     他用贪婪的眼光看着商店的橱窗。
Her sister married a Greek.     她妹妹嫁给了一个希腊人。
The country is very green in spring.     春天的时候，乡村一片青葱碧绿。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They planted many flowers in their greenhouse.     他们在花房里种了很多花。
I woke up and was greeted by bird song.     我一觉醒来，鸟鸣之声不绝于耳。
Good morning, I said, but he didn't return the greeting.     “早上好。”我说，但他并没有回答我的问候。
Today, the canopy of the heavens is grey.     今天的天幕是灰色的。
In computer graphics, a display element that consists of a rectangular grid of equal-sized rectangular cells, each having a single color and intensity.     计算机图形学中的一种显示单元。它是由许多大小相等的矩形象元组成的一个矩形网格，每个象元具有单种颜色和强度。
The poor woman was buried in grief after her son died.     这个可怜的妇人在儿子死后一直沉浸在悲痛之中。
It grieves me to see him in such bad health.     看见他的健康状况如此不佳，我很伤心。
He spent the summer buss table in a downtown grill.     整个夏季，他都在城里一个烧烤店帮助清理餐桌。
What grim weather!     多讨厌的天气！
I knew she was joking because she had a big grin on her face.     我知道她是在开玩笑，因为她脸上堆满笑容。
People in this area were ground down by hunger and poverty.     这个地区的人们受着饥饿和贫穷的折磨。
The brake doesn't grip properly.     刹车不灵了。
The soldiers are hard grit.     士兵们全都是刚强勇敢的。
The girl groaned in pain.     那女孩在痛苦中呻吟。
He has decided to open a grocer store in a small way.     他决定开一间小规模杂货店。
He brought the box of groceries in from the car.     他把一盒食品从汽车上拿进来。
He brought the box of groceries in from the car.     他把一盒食品从汽车上拿进来。
Wheels leave grooves in dirt roads.     车轮在泥路上留下凹痕。
We groped our way through the dark streets.     我们摸索着走过黑暗的街道。
You can tell from his gross language that the man was uneducated.     从他那粗俗的语言可以看出，这个人没受过教育。
The branch broke and fell to the ground.     树枝断了，落在地上。
The charging of an isolated conducting object by momentarily grounding it while a charged body is nearby.     感应通过短暂地磨擦，使一个充电导体附近的独立导体产生电流
Of course, these implications would sly and groundless, and the opposition would realize it. But the voters might not. They would say where there's smoke there's fire.     当然这些暗示是狡诈的，毫无根据的，反对派懂得这点。但选民不一定懂得，他们会说无风不起浪。
She had adequate grounds for a divorce.     她离婚有充分的理由。
He showed me a photo of a family group.     他给我看一张合家欢的照片。
Can you show me the road to Legend Grove?     你能告诉我到传奇路怎么走吗？
This district grew cotton on a large scale.     这个地区过去大量种棉花。
The dog growled at me.     那狗向我咆哮。
She could pass for thirty but I happen to know she's got a grown up son.     她酷似３０岁，但我碰巧得知她已有一个成年的儿子。
The grownups had coffee but the children wanted milk in place of coffee.     成人喝咖啡，而小孩子要的牛奶而不是咖啡。
Childhood is a period of rapid growth.     幼年是生长迅速的时期。
I always feel he has a grudge against me, although I don't know why.     我总觉得他讨厌我，但我不知道为什么。
They will grumble about having to do the work.     他们将为不得不干那项工作而抱怨。
He grunted as the bullet hit him.     子弹击中他时他疼得哼了出来。
South winds in winter are a guarantee of rain in these parts.     在这一带，冬天刮南风是下雨的迹象。
The dog guarded the house against strangers.     狗守卫着房屋，不让陌生人进去。
The legal guardian must act on behalf of the child.     法定监护人应该维护这个孩子的利益.
Make a guess at the answer.     猜一下答案。
She made a guest appearance on his TV show.     她在他的电视节目中出场客串。
The car pulled up outside the guesthouse [in front of the hotel].     汽车在宾馆外面[旅馆前面]停了下来。
example sentence not found
Under his guidance, we finished the work smoothly.     在他的指导下，我们顺利地完成了工作。
These philosophical views serve as a guide in life.     这些哲学观点可以作为处世指南。
One of the reforms allows the local education department to choose their own textbooks based upon the national teaching guideline.     其中之一就是允许地方教委在国家教学大纲的指导下选择合适自身的教材。
A meeting of the townswomen's guild will be held on Monday.     城市妇女协会的一个会议将在星期一召开。
His face showed guilt though he said he had done nothing wrong.     尽管他说自己没做过错事，他的脸上却显出了内疚的神情。
The man was proved guilty of murder.     这个男子被证实犯了杀人罪。
I like to play guitar.     我喜欢弹吉他。
I think there is no gulf between my daughter and I.     我认为我和我女儿之间没有隔阂。
She gulped nervously, as if the question bothered her.     她紧张地咽了一下，似乎那问题把她难住了。
He likes chewing gum.     他喜欢嚼口香糖。
It's illegal to carry guns in our country.     在我们国家，携带枪支是违法的。
The rebels were short of gunpowder.     反叛者们缺少弹药。
Oil gashed out from the broken pipe.     油从断裂的管道中喷出来。
A gust of wind blew the door shut.     一阵大风吹来，把门关上了。
She has been staying up at nights busting a gut over the work she has to do.     她连续几晚熬夜，竭尽全力完成她应做的工作。
He took the child out of the gutter.     他收养了这个穷苦孩子。
This ordinary quiet guy just freaked out and shot ten people.     这个平时温和的家伙简直发疯了, 开枪打死了十个人.
We go to play badminton in the nearest gym every Sunday.     每个星期天我们都去最近的体育馆打羽毛球。
A new gymnasium has been built on our campus.     我们大学的校园里新建了一座体育馆。
She has the lithe grace of a gymnast.     她有体操运动员轻盈而优美的体态。
I don't like gymnastics.     我不喜欢体操。
The gypsy earned her money as a fortune-teller.     这个吉普赛人以算命谋生。
My colleague has broken off the habit of smoking.     我的同事已经戒掉了吸烟的习惯。
The polar bear's habitat is the icy waters of the Arctic.     北极熊的栖息地是冰冷的北极海域。
His habitual place at the table was occupied by a stranger.     他惯常坐在桌旁的位置被一个陌生人占据了。
example sentence not found
He was hacking at a tree.     他正在砍树。
The police arrested the two hackers.     警察就逮捕了这两名“黑客”。
Have you had your lunch?     吃过午饭了吗？
He looks haggard.     他显得很憔悴。
It's not worth haggling over a few pence.     为几便士争论不休实在不值得.
The boy's breaking of window glasses caused a hail of abuse.     这个男孩打碎了窗户玻璃，招致了一阵恶骂。
My hair has grown very long.     我的头发长得很长了。
You ought to have a haircut.     你该去剪发了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She has no hairpin because her hair is short.     因为她头发短，所以没有束发夹。
The newborn baby has a hairy head.     这个新生儿的脑袋上长了很多头发。
Half the car was damaged.     车子毁了一半。
example sentence not found
We had a short intermission halfway through a film.     我们电影放映中途做了短暂的休息。
The lecture is to be delivered at the hall.     演讲将在大厅进行。
Attention to detail is the hallmark of a fine craftsman.     能工巧匠的特点是一丝不苟.
The car came to a halt just in time to prevent an accident.     汽车及时停下，避免了一场车祸。
Let's halve the work between the two of us.     让我俩平均分担这份工作吧。
Never do things by halves.     【谚】凡事不可半途而废。
I had a ham sandwich as lunch.     我吃了一个火腿三明治作午餐。
Don't always eat hamburgers for meals, or else you'll get malnourished.     别总把汉堡包当饭吃，不然你会营养不良的。
He hit the nail into the wall with a hammer.     他用一把锤子把钉子打进墙里去。
Our progress was hampered by the bad weather.     我们前进时受到了恶劣天气的阻碍.
Please hand me that book.     请把那本书递给我。
She foraged about in her handbag, but couldn't find her keys.     她翻遍了手提包，就是找不到钥匙。
We bought a tourist handbook before going travelling.     出去旅游前，我们先买了一本旅游手册。
That child is quite a handful.     那孩子很难管教。
Deafness can be a serious handicap.     耳聋算是严重的缺陷。
He was handicapped by lack of education.     他因文化水平低而吃了亏。
Please pass me a piece of paper handkerchief.     请递给我一张纸巾。
Pick up the typewriter case by the handle.     抓住把手，把打字机箱子拿起来。
He was returned full of enthusiasm for Handler College.     归来时充满着对汉德勒学院的热情。
The minister was crucified by the press for his handling of the affair.     部长对此事的处理方法受到新闻界的严厉批评。
The act of approaching someone for a loan or handout.     向某人借款，要求施舍接近某人以获得贷款或施舍的行为
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Her husband is a very handsome young man.     她丈夫是一个非常英俊的年轻人。
There is need for improvement in your handwriting.     你的书法需要改进。
The shops are quite handy.     商店就在附近。
You may hang your coat on the hook.     你可以把外套挂在钩子上。
A fighter plane is revving up on the hanger apron.     飞机库前面停机坪上，一架战斗机正在起动。
It is just a thing done at haphazard.     这只是件偶然为之的事情。
The accident happened at six o'clock.     事故发生在六点钟。
Happening by a fortunate accident or chance.     幸运地发生的因某种幸运事件或机会而发生的
Happily, the accident was prevented.     很幸运，事故得以避免了。
His marriage is full of happiness.     他的婚姻生活很幸福。
That was not a very happy remark.     那不是很恰当的话。
Political dissidents complained that they are harassed by the police.     持有不同政见者申斥他们受到警方的骚扰。
A source of harassment, annoyance, or pain.     使人痛苦的东西骚扰，烦恼或痛苦的来源
The crowing of the cock is a harbinger of dawn.     鸡啼报晓。
This harbor is a natural harbor.     这个港口是天然港。
Harbouring criminals is an offence in law.     窝藏罪犯是犯法的。
It's hard to know what he's really thinking.     很难知道他真正在想什么。
Life in the camp had hardened him considerably.     军营生活使他变得坚强多了。
example sentence not found
I can hardly wait to hear the news.     我迫不及待地想听到这个消息。
Their hardness was understood by the teacher.     他们的艰难得到老师的理解。
A strong man will bear hardship without complaining.     一个坚强的人会忍受困苦而不抱怨。
I know nothing about computer hardware.     我对计算机硬件一窍不通。
A few hardy people swam in the icy water.     一些强壮的人在冰冷的水中游泳。
They went hunting for hares.     他们出去打野兔了。
It wouldn't do him any harm to work a bit harder.     工作努力点对他没什么害处。
It is harmful to your health to drink too much.     过量喝酒对你的身体有害。
The bomb blast killed several harmless passers-by.     炸弹爆炸使几个无辜行人受伤。
The harmonic combination of these tones.     四度和音音调的和谐组合
Relations with our neighbors are very harmonious at the moment.     我们目前同邻居们的关系十分和谐。
There was not much harmony in international affairs during those years.     那些年国际事态不很协调。
The farmer harnessed the horse.     农夫给马套上挽具。
The punishment was too harsh for him.     这种惩罚对他来说太严厉了。
The peasants are harvesting rice in the field.     农民们正在田野里收割稻子。
I'm sorry I hashed up the arrangements.     对不起, 我把整个安排给打乱了.
Haste makes waste.     欲速而不达。
She hastened home after hearing the news.     听到这个消息后，她匆匆忙忙地回家。
His hasty temper made him offensive.     他的急躁的脾气使他令人讨厌。
She bought a hat yesterday.     她昨天买了一顶帽子。
Three of the chickens hatched today.     今天有三只小鸡出壳。
She looked at him with hate in her eyes.     她以憎恨的目光看着他。
The sight of food was hateful to the seasick girl.     那个晕船的女孩看到食物就感到厌恶。
He looked at me with hatred.     他带有敌意地望着我。
The nobles treated the common people with haughty contempt.     王公贵族以不屑一顾的傲慢态度对待平民百姓。
They hauled the boat up the beach.     他们把船拖上岸。
The years of the war still haunt me.     战争年代的往事仍常浮现在我的脑海。
I had a letter this morning.     我今天收到一封信。
They have made their home a haven for the homeless orphans.     他们把自己的家变成了无家可归的孤儿们的避难所。
The earthquake wreaked havoc on the city.     地震对这个城市造成了大破坏。
Hawks will not pick other hawks' eyes out.     同类不相残。
I adviced him to make hay while the sun shone.     我劝他抓紧时机。
There are many serious health hazards associated with smoking.     许多危害健康的情况都与吸烟有关。
Free of a difficult or hazardous situation; in a position of safety or security.     脱离险境脱离困难或危险的情况；处于安全或保险的位置
example sentence not found
He is a teacher.     他是教师。
He arranged his speech under four main heads.     他把发言内容归纳成四个主要方面。
The boy had a headache and had to see the doctor.     这个男孩头疼，不得不去看医生。
example sentence not found
A record that follows a header.     跟在标头后面的一个记录。
What heading do these items fall under?     这几项应列在哪个标题下面?
A bold black headline screamed out from the front page.     在（报纸的）头版上出现了一条令人触目惊心的粗黑体大字标题。
Don't rush headlong into danger; think it through carefully before you make any decisions.     不要轻率地奔赴险境，做任何决定之前都要认真想想。
The professor was assigned headmaster of the school.     教授被任命为这所学校的校长。
example sentence not found
Are their any orders coming from the headquarters?     有司令部的任何命令吗？
Foolishly or irrationally stubborn; headstrong.     顽固的，刚愎自用的愚蠢地或无理地顽固的；任性的
The medicine and rest will soon heal your wound.     药物治疗和休息会使你的伤口很快愈合。
Fresh air and exercise are good for the health.     新鲜空气和运动有益于健康。
His grandpa is healthy.     他的祖父身体健康。
The books lay in a heap on the floor.     书堆放在地板上。
We have heaps of time.     我们有很多时间。
We listened but could hear nothing.     我们注意听，但什么也听不见。
Please keep within hearing distance.     请保持在听得见的距离之内。
He has a kind heart.     他心地善良。
An irregularity in the force or rhythm of the heartbeat.     心律失常不规则的心跳强度或节奏
example sentence not found
She helps me with heartfelt feeling.     她真心真意的帮助我。
The soldiers swore to fight for the hearth and the altar.     战士们宣誓为保卫家庭和宗教而战。
I am heartily grateful to your help.     我衷心地感激你的帮助。
They gave him a hearty welcome.     他们衷心欢迎他。
I can't walk about in this heat.     我不能在这种酷热下走路。
Metals undergo expansion when heated.     金属加热时会膨胀。
The heater in my car doesn't work properly.     我汽车里的暖气设备出了点毛病。
The heating system in this block doesn't work well.     这个街区的供暖系统不太好用。
He hove a chair through the window.     他把椅子从窗户中抛出。
The house is a little heaven.     这所房子是一个小乐园。
We spent a heavenly day at the beach.     我们在海滨痛痛快快地玩了一天。
The crime lies heavily on his conscience.     那罪行沉重地压在他心上。
A measure of the heaviness of an object.     重量一个物体的重量的度量法
How heavy is this box?     这个箱子有多重？
The journalist lead a hectic life.     新闻记者过着紧张兴奋的生活。
Will the hedge keep the sheep out of the field?     这篱笆能将羊群挡在田地外面吗？
We found a little hedgehog in the field.     我们在田里发现了一只小刺猬。
Now heed what I say.     现在注意听我要说的话。
I'm just kicking my heels until the beginning of the new term.     新学期开学前，我一直无所事事。
He saluted with a click of his heels.     他立正敬礼，鞋后跟发出咔嗒一声。
His height makes him stand out in the crowd.     他身材高大，因此在人群中很突出。
When she heard the news she was heightening tension.     当她听到那则消息后，她变得越来越紧张。
Prince Charles is the legal heir of the crown.     查尔斯王子是王位的合法继承人。
He took an heiress to wife and was regarded with suspicion by her family.     他娶了个女继承人为妻子，女方家庭对他的结婚动机抱有怀疑。
The criminal escaped by a helicopter.     罪犯乘直升机逃走了。
The priest said they would go to hell for their sins.     牧师说，他们将因罪恶而下地狱。
Hello? Tony here.     喂? 我是托尼。
These policemen wear helmets to protect them.     这些警察戴着头盔保护自己。
Could you help me up the stairs?     你能扶我上楼梯吗？
He is a good helper.     他是一个好帮手。
It's often helpful during an illness to talk to other sufferers.     病中与同病者谈天常是有益的。
He is as helpless as a baby.     他像一个婴儿一样依赖人。
The Western Hemisphere refers to North and South America.     西半球是指南北美洲。
The presence of hemoglobin in the urine.     血红蛋白尿尿液中出现血红蛋白
The stoppage of bleeding or hemorrhage.     止血阻止流血或大出血
The hen has hatched all her chickens.     那只母鸡已经孵出了全部小鸡。
We have no chance to meet each other a week hence.     我们今后一星期没有见面的机会了。
The man said that he would work hard henceforth.     那人说从今以后他要努力工作了。
example sentence not found
Give her the book.     把这本书给她。
The cuckoo is the herald of the spring.     杜鹃报春。
I had to take the herb tea although it's bitter.     虽然汤药很苦，我还是不得不喝了。
Do you believe in China's traditional herbal medicine?     你相信中国传统的中草药吗？
The photographer took a photo of a herd of elephants.     这位摄影师拍了一张象群的照片。
He has been here in London for many years.     他已在伦敦呆了很多年了。
Do you believe in the hereafter?     你相信来世吗？
I hereby declare her elected.     我特此宣布她已经当选。
That family is a hereditary ruler.     那个家族是世袭的统治者。
Herein lies the real danger.     这其中含有真正的危险。
example sentence not found
In confirmation hereof we attach a bank statement.     为作这方面的确认我们附上银行结单。
example sentence not found
I enclose herewith two copies of the contract.     随函寄上合同副本两份。
These beautiful old palaces are part of our national heritage.     这些美丽的古老宫殿是我们民族遗产的一部分。
The real hero of the match was our goalkeeper.     这次比赛中真正的英雄是我们的守门员。
Saving the child's life was a heroic act.     抢救那孩子的生命是英勇的行为。
He was caught pushing heroin to schoolchildren.     他在向小学生贩卖海洛因时被捕.
She was chosen to play the heroine in this film.     她被选定在这部影片中扮演女主角。
This book is hers.     这本书是她的。
She should do her homework herself.     她应该自己做作业。
The difference, expressed in Hertz, between the two limiting frequencies of a band.     一个频带的上下界频率之差，单位用赫兹表示。
The speaker was rather hesitant and had to be prompted occasionally by the chairman.     那发言者讲话结结巴巴的, 有时得由主席提示.
example sentence not found
She hesitated to hurt the child's feelings.     她不想伤害孩子的感情。
She agreed without hesitation.     她毫不犹豫地答应了。
There is a heterogeneous mass of papers in the teacher's office.     老师的办公室里堆满了大批不同的论文。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Hey! You!     嗨！你！
example sentence not found
Hi. Long time no see.     （嗨，好久不见了。）
That is a hickory walking stick.     那是一根山胡桃木的手仗。
The Customs have found heroin hidden in freight.     海关查出了隐藏在货物中的海洛因.
I haven't seen hide nor hair of him.     我连他的影子也没见到。
He suffered a hideous torment when the enemy caught him.     敌人抓到他后，他受到可怕的折磨。
A program-defined hierarchical ordering of data for a record. Elements within a structure may be formatted differently from each other, whereas elements in an array must all have the same format.     对记录而言，程序定义的数据分层次序。结构内的元素的格式可能彼此不同，而一个数组中的元素的格式必须相同。
It's not as if he was very important in the company hierarchy.     他在公司的领导层中似乎无多大权力。
The plane flew high above.     飞机高高地在上空飞。
They planned to highjack a plane.     他们计划劫持一架飞机。
He was born in the Highland.     他出生于苏格兰高地。
It is one of the highlight of the match.     这是比赛中最精彩的项目之一。
The ball was the highlight of the London season.     那次舞会是伦敦社交活动时期的高潮。
Your boss speaks very highly of your work.     你的老板对你的工作称颂备至。
The Highway Code has been carried.     公路法规已经被执行。
They planned to hijack a plane.     他们计划劫持一架飞机。
The storm upset their plans for a hike.     暴风雨破坏了他们的远足计画。
Her book is a hilarious send-up of a conventional spy story.     她写的书用的是取笑传统侦探小说的笔法，令人捧腹。
Their house stands on a hill.     他们的房子座落在小山上。
The hillside is covered by grass and flowers in summer.     夏天时，山坡上长满了花草。
Did you see him yesterday?     你昨天见到他了吗？
He said it himself.     他亲口说的。
The hind leg of this horse was broken.     这匹马的后腿断了。
Heavy snow hindered the construction work.     大雪妨碍了这项建筑工程的进行。
Some kitchen gadgets are more of a hindrance than a help.     有些小炊具非但没有用处反而碍事。
The door opens easily because the hinges were oiled.     这门开起来很容易，因为合页上了油。
There were subtle hints in his letter.     他的信中有些微妙的暗示。
example sentence not found
He stood there with his hands on his hips.     他两手叉腰站在那里。
example sentence not found
Boats for hire.     有小船出租。
His brother is my classmate.     他哥哥是我的同学。
The iron hissed as it pressed the wet cloth.     熨斗压在湿布上时发出嘶嘶声。
example sentence not found
Historians advise that we should never forget the past.     历史学家们告诫我们，我们不应忘记过去。
This battle is of historic meaning.     这一战具有历史意义。
We will deal with events in historical sequence.     我们将按照历史上的先后顺序研究这些事件。
She loved me once, but that's all ancient history now.     她曾经爱过我，但现在已成往事。
The bullet hit him in the chest.     子弹击中了他的胸膛。
example sentence not found
This is a fact hitherto unknown.     这是一个至今无人知道的事实。
In this new book he hits off the American temperament with amazing insight.     在这本新书里，他对美国人性格的描写表现出惊人的洞察力。
We shouted ourselves hoarse at the football match.     足球比赛时我们把嗓子都喊哑了。
One of my hobbies is painting.     我的业余爱好之一是画画。
I would rather hoe in the garden than run about on the playground.     我宁愿在花园锄草，也不愿在运动场上跑来跑去。
We need a hoist to lift the concrete blocks.     我们需要一台起重机来吊起混凝土块。
The city is held by the enemy.     这座城市已被敌人占领。
example sentence not found
The holder of the office of chairman is responsible for arranging meetings.     担任主席的人有责任安排会议。
They're fond of holding what are laughingly known as literary soirees.     他们爱举行戏称之为文学晚会的活动.
Having lost my money puts me in rather a hole.     丢了钱使我陷于困境。
We are going to France to spend our holidays.     我们将去法国度假。
This tree looks high and strong but actually its trunk is hollow.     这棵树看起来又高又壮，实际上树干是空的。
It is unthinkable that we should allow a nuclear holocaust to occur.     我们若竟让核武器大屠杀的惨剧发生, 简直是匪夷所思.
example sentence not found
They led a holy life.     他们过着圣洁的生活。
He struck the nail home.     他将钉子完全打进去。
He came to miss his homeland when he settled down abroad.     当他在国外安定下来时，他开始想念祖国了。
I have much sympathy with those homeless people.     我很同情那些无家可归的人。
We had a homely meal of bread and cheese.     我们吃了一顿面包加乳酪的家常便餐。
Some glass-hard steel is homemade.     一些有最高硬度的钢是自制的。
example sentence not found
The students began to feel homesick after they had been here for a month.     到了这里一个月以后，学生们开始想家了。
July is the hottest month in a year in my hometown.     在我的家乡，七月是一年里最热的一月。
Have you finished your homework?     你做完家庭作业了吗？
The state or quality of being homogeneous.     同质同质或相似的性质或状态
A homogenous solid formed by a repeating, three-dimensional pattern of atoms, ions, or molecules and having fixed distances between constituent parts.     晶体一种由原子、离子或分子作重复和立体型排列而形成的均质固体，在组成部分之间有固定的距离
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Please give me your honest opinion.     请把你的真实想法告诉我。
I never doubted his honesty.     我从未怀疑过他的诚实。
Honey, come here and give me your help!     宝贝，到这来帮帮我！
I suggest Paris as a good place for a honeymoon.     我提议去巴黎, 那是度蜜月的好去处.
Please honor our arrangement by exchanging the damaged goods.     请遵守我们的协议，给我们调换损坏的货物。
It's not honorable to deceive them.     欺骗他们是不光彩的。
I feel honour bound to attend because I promised I would.     我觉得不参加不大好，因为是我答应过的事。
They took the phone off the hook so no calls would disturb them.     他们摘下电话听筒，以免电话打扰他们。
A hare hopped straight into the doorway.     一只野兔跳进了门廊里。
He is the hope of his school.     他是学校的希望。
I'm sure we'll find it,' he said hopefully.     ｀我肯定我们能找到它,＇ 他信心十足地说.
Hopefully, we will catch the3: 30 plane.     希望我们能赶上3：30的飞机。
With a hopeless sigh, he turned away.     他发出一声绝望的叹息，转身走开了。
After these dry days, everyone hopes for rain.     干燥的天气之后，人人都希望下雨。
A raised tank or hopper that maintains a constant pressure or supply to a system, especially the small tank that supplies water to a central heating system.     蓄水塔一个处于高处的用以维持某系统的稳压或供给状况的水箱或漏斗，尤指将水供给中央供暖系统的小水箱
The sun appeared above the horizon.     太阳出现在地平线上。
First, draw a horizontal line.     首先，画一条水平线。
The gymnast extended her arms horizontally.     那女子体操运动员双臂平伸.
The doctor told him that his disease was caused by unbalanced hormone.     医生告诉他他的病是由荷尔蒙失衡引起的。
The driver blew his horn when the child stepped in front of the car.     当小男孩走到汽车前面时，汽车司机按响了喇叭。
Everything is in a horrible muddle.     一切都陷入可怕的混乱。
We were horrified by what we saw.     我们看到後很害怕.
The news struck him with horror.     那消息使他震惊。
The horses are eating grass on the grassland.     马在草地上吃草。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This fire hose is about sixty feet long.     这段消防水管大约有60 英尺长。
They gave us a hospitable reception on our arrival.     我们到达后他们热情地款待我们。
He is ill and has been in the hospital for a week.     他病了，已住院一星期。
The host's hospitality left us a very good impression.     主人的好客给我们留下了非常好的印象。
example sentence not found
At the end of the party, we thanked our host and went away.     宴会结束时，我们谢了主人后便回家去了。
The company took the cars as hostage.     公司把汽车当做抵押品。
I lived in a hostel while I was a student.     我求学期间住在青年招待所里。
I went away so my daughter acted as hostess.     那时我不在家，所以由我女儿招待客人。
The new government was hostile to them.     新政府对他们怀有敌意。
Strike the iron while it is hot.     趁热打铁。
We stayed at a small hotel.     我们住在一家小旅馆里。
The police are always hounding me.     警方一直在追捕我。
It took him half an hour to finish the work.     他花了半个小时做完这项工作。
An hourglass design; an hourglass figure.     沙漏状的图案；沙漏形的图形
We are expecting news hourly.     我们时刻期待着消息。
They are going to move to a new house next week.     下星期他们将迁入新居。
The whole household was early last Sunday.     上星期天全家人都起得很早。
He introduced me to his housekeeper.     他把我介绍给他的女管家。
A motor vehicle with space and equipment, either in a rear compartment or in an attached trailer, for sleeping and simple housekeeping, used for camping and recreational travel.     野营挂车一种带有空间和装备动力交通工具，装在后部的空室或是装在相连的拖挂车内，提供睡眠和做简单的家务，用于野营和消闲的旅行
Many women chose to be a housewife after marriage.     许多妇女选择了在婚后当家庭主妇。
Housework keeps mother on the fly all day.     家务劳动使母亲整天忙忙碌碌。
Local residents were angry at not being brought in on (ie not being consulted about) the new housing scheme.     新的房屋计划未徵询当地居民的意见, 他们感到非常气愤.
The mercury hovered around 35 Celsius degree.     水银温度计停留在摄氏35度左右。
How far is the school from here?     学校离这里多远？
We must do good rather than evil, on however humble a scale.     勿因善小而不为，勿因恶小而为之。
The dog howled over its master's body.     狗对着主人的尸体哀嚎。
example sentence not found
A slot for a key in the hub or shaft of a wheel.     键槽轮子的毂或轴里的键的沟槽
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This novel appeared to have been huddled together.     这部小说看来是草草写成的。
The diamond shone with every hue under the sun.     这颗钻石在阳光下显得色彩斑斓。
The child was hugging her doll.     那孩子紧抱着她的洋娃娃。
He possesses a huge house on the hillside.     他在山上拥有一栋巨宅。
Some fruits and seeds have hulls.     有些水果和种子有外壳。
Hullo, Jane. I wondered it you'd be here. How's the world been treating you since I saw you last?     喂，简。我不知道你会在这儿。自上次分手后你还过得好吗？
The only sound he heard was the hum of the machine.     他听到的唯一的声音就是那台机器的嗡嗡声。
It's only human nature to want a comfortable life.     想过舒适的生活不过是普通人的本性。
People have found many humane methods of killing animals.     人们已经发明了很多宰杀动物的人道方 法。
Her book captures the quintessence of Renaissance humanism.     她的书抓住了文艺复兴时期人文主义的精髓.
The humanitarian scientist called on the improvement of the poor's living condition.     这位人道主义科学家呼吁改善穷人的生活条件。
We should treat people and animals with humanity.     我们应该仁慈地对待人和动物。
He is a very humble person.     他是一个非常谦恭的人。
example sentence not found
Foods are easily to be mouldy in humid days.     潮湿的日子里，食物很容易发霉。
It's said by forecast that the humidity in the air today is 60%.     据预报说今天的空气湿度是百分之六十。
She was humiliated because her children behaved so badly.     她为她的孩子表现不好而感到羞辱。
It is an experience of humiliation.     那是一次不光彩的经历。
She had no sense of humor.     她毫无幽默感。
Her husband is a humorous man.     她的丈夫是一个幽默的人。
It is not wise to humour a small child.     纵容一个小孩是不明智的。
The allied warplanes bombed the country by the hundred.     盟军数以百计的飞机轰炸了那个国家。
If I've said it once, I've said it the hundredth time.     这件事我不但说过，而且说过一百次了。
The student has a hunger for learning.     这个学生有强烈的求知欲。
He felt very hungry after four-hours' hard work.     辛苦工作了四个小时后，他觉得非常饿。
Winter is the best time for hunting in mountain areas.     冬季是山区狩猎的最佳时间。
The hunter agreed to take us to go hunting tomorrow.     那位猎人同意明天带我们去打猎。
The boys went hunting with their falcon.     男孩子们带着猎鹰出去打猎了。
The hunter hurled his spear at the tiger.     猎人用力把他的长矛向虎投去。
Hurrah for the Queen!     女王万岁！
It was blowing gales of hurricane this time yesterday.     昨天的这个时候正刮着狂风。
You make mistakes if you do things in a hurry.     如果你匆匆忙忙地做事，那你就要出差错。
Did he suffer any hurt?     他有过什么痛苦吗？
My husband is a kind person.     我丈夫是一个善良的人。
She hushed the baby to sleep.     她使婴儿安静入睡。
We didn't want them, but he hustled us into buying them.     我们不想要这些东西，但他硬劝我们买下来。
The hut was shaking in the storm.     茅屋在风雨中摇摆。
A mule is a hybrid of a donkey and a horse.     骡子是公驴和母马交配而生的杂种。
The hydraulic lift is over there.     液压升降机在那儿。
Any of various hydrocarbon pesticides, such as DDT, that contain chlorine.     有机氯一种含氯的碳氢化合物杀虫农药，如滴滴涕杀虫剂
It is important that we build more hydroelectric power stations.     我们建立更多的水力发电站，这是重要的。
Water contains hydrogen and oxygen.     水含有氢和氧。
In the interests of hygiene, please do not smoke in the shop.     为健康着想，请不要在本店吸烟。
I can hear the hymn from the nearby church.     我能听到从附近的教堂传来的圣歌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The government's claim to be concerned about unemployment is sheer hypocrisy.     政府声称对失业表示关注纯属做做姿态。
example sentence not found
All these fact have borne out the hypothesis.     所有这些事实证明了假设的正确性。
A hypothetical substance formerly thought to be a volatile constituent of all combustible substances released as flame in combustion.     燃素，热素原来假设的在所有燃烧物质中挥发性的一种物质成分，在燃烧中作为火焰而被释放出来
example sentence not found
The abnormal, spasmodic swallowing of air, especially as a symptom of hysteria.     吞气症异常的痉挛性吞气，特指歇斯底里的症状
She had the audience in hysterics.     她把观众逗得捧腹大笑.
example sentence not found
I think he is right.     我认为他是对的。
Getting the manager to accept our new plans in addition to implementing our original ones was really the icing on the cake.     除了执行我们原来的计划，再说服经理接受我们新的计划，那真是锦上添花。
His refusal iced our enthusiasm.     他的拒绝浇熄了我们的热情。
example sentence not found
Scandinavia refers to Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Iceland.     斯堪的那维亚是指丹麦、挪威、瑞典和冰岛。
An icon appears in the upper portion of the screen to indicate when the microphone is muted.     当对麦克风进行消音时，会在屏幕的上部出现一个图标。
example sentence not found
Icy roads are dangerous.     覆盖着冰的道路很危险。
example sentence not found
You have no idea how worried I was.     你想像不出来我有多么担心。
He is looking for a wife but he hasn't found his ideal mate.     他正在寻找未来的妻子，但还没有找到理想人选。
Idealism increase in direct proportion to one's distance from the problem.     理想主义，是按和问题的距离成正比例而增大的。
He tends to idealize his life in the army.     他总想使自己在军队里的生活理想化。
example sentence not found
Your appearance is identical to hers.     你的相貌和她的一模一样。
example sentence not found
The identification of the accident victims took some time.     验明事故遇难者身分的工作费了不少时间
example sentence not found
Can you identify your umbrella among this lot?     你能在这些伞中认出你自己的伞吗？
The identity of the murdered man has not yet been established.     那名被害人的身份尚未确定。
The ideology of the political left.     左派，左翼政治左派的意识形态、观点
To my knowledge, there is no such idiom in English.     据我所知, 英文里并没有这样的成语。
An idiomatic word, phrase, or expression.     习语，成语惯用的词语、短语或表达方式
He is an idiot to agree.     他要是同意，就太傻了。
Don't idle away your time.     不要虚度光阴。
Idleness is the root of all evil.     懒惰乃万恶之源。
Don't make an idol of money.     不要崇拜财富。
Who said I can't cook? ie Of course I can!     谁说我不会做饭?
If weather permit, we will go to the park tomorrow.     如果天气好的话，明天我们去公园。
In a modern coal burning electric generating plant the steam may be hot enough to ignite wood.     在一个烧煤的现代化发电厂内，蒸汽允许能热到足以把木头点燃起来。
Ignorance of the law is no excuse.     不懂法律不是藉口。
He's so ignorant that he cannot write his own name.     他很无知，连自己的名字都写不出。
We could ignore him and go direct to the chairman, but we'd be skating on very thin ice.     我们可以不理会他而直接去找主席, 但那样做我们就如履薄冰了.
Did you really feel ill this morning?     今天早晨你真的感到身体不适吗？
He admitted that he was an illegal immigrant.     他承认他是非法移民。
Her signature was an illegible scrawl.     她的签字潦草难辩。
He makes a lot of money by traffic illicit merchandise.     他做违禁商品买卖赚了许多钱。
Illiteracy is a major problem in some developing countries.     在一些发展中国家, 文盲是个大问题.
The boy is an illiterate child.     那个孩子不识字。
There was no illness in the village this winter.     今年冬天这村里没什么疾病。
A sudden smile illuminated her face.     突然的微笑使她容光焕发。
The illumination in this room is very bad.     这个屋子的照明很不好。
He cherished the illusion that she loved him, but he was wrong.     他抱有她爱他的幻觉，但他错了。
example sentence not found
Our textbook is very well illustrated.     我们的课本插图丰富。
Children like books filled with illustrations.     孩子们喜欢插图丰富的书。
How can we improve our image?     我们该怎样来改善自己的形象呢？
We had the greatest difficulty imaginable getting here in time.     我们为了及时赶到此地, 经历了可能想见的最大的困难.
All the characters in this book are imaginary.     这本书中的人物都是虚构的。
These plans reveal a complete failure of imagination.     这些计划显得毫无想象力。
The story is imaginative.     这个故事是虚构的。
I imagined she was quite surprised when she heard the truth.     我想她听说真相后一定很惊讶。
Diagnostic imaging in which ultrasound is used to visualize an internal body structure or a developing fetus.     超声波扫描术利用超声波来显示耳体结构或胚胎发育情况的诊断用的成像法
He can imitate his teacher perfectly.     他能维妙维肖地模仿他的老师。
That's not an original Rembrandt, it's an imitation.     这不是伦勃朗的真品，是赝品。
The body is material but the soul is immaterial.     躯体是有形的，而灵魂是无形的。
Silly, immature behavior.     愚蠢的，不成熟的行为
There's no post office in the immediate neighbourhood.     附近没有邮局.
I came here immediately after having my supper.     我一吃完晚饭就来这里了。
It's almost impossible to find him in the immense ocean.     在无边无际的海洋中要找到他几乎是不可能的。
He immersed himself totally in his work.     他埋头于工作。
California has many immigrants from other states.     加利福尼亚有许多来自其他州的移民。
People from many countries immigrated to the United States and Canada.     许多国家的人移居到美国和加拿大。
There are strict controls on immigration into this country.     移民到这个国家有严格的限制。
An announcement of further cuts in government expenditure is imminent.     最近将发布进一步削减政府开支的公告。
Some people still think it is immoral to have sex before marriage.     有些人仍然认为婚前的性行为是不道德的。
The little girl is very interested in the old legend of immortal creatures.     小女孩对有关永生的精灵的古老传奇非常感兴趣。
He seems to be immune to criticism.     他似乎不受批评的影响。
He has diplomatic immunity.     他有外交豁免权。
German physiologist. He won a1901 Nobel Prize for work on serum immunization against diphtheria and tetanus.     贝林，埃米尔・冯1854－1917德国生理学家，因其在抗白喉与破伤风血清免疫方面的工作获1901年诺贝尔奖
Have you been immunized (against smallpox) yet?     你接种过（抗天花）疫苗没有?
example sentence not found
It's difficult to assess the impact of the President's speech.     总统讲话的巨大影响很难估计.
His illness has impaired his efficiency.     生病降低了他的效率。
A teacher's aim is to impart knowledge.     教师的作用是传授知识。
People in the city held the impartial judge in high regard.     这个城市的人们都很尊敬这位公正的法官。
She has impatience to wait for the bus.     她没有耐心等公共汽车到来。
He was impatient of any interruption.     他对任何打扰都感到不耐烦。
They use a bridge to measure the impedance of the transducer.     他们用电桥来测量传感器的阻抗。
What impedes you to make progress?     什么事妨碍你取得进步？
Prompt action is imperative.     果断的行动是必要的。
We live in an imperfect society.     我们生活在一个不完美的社会中。
The imperial gallon is not the same as the US gallon.     英制的加仑和与美制的容量不同。
Leaders of other republics mutter openly now about a new Russian imperialism, while former chieftains shed crocodile tears over the violation ofhuman rights.     其他共和国现在公开抱怨新俄罗斯帝国主义，同时以前的那些头儿们也假惺惺地为违反“人权”一掬同情之泪。
Imperialist powers always tend to gobble up their weaker neighbors.     帝国主义强国总是要想兼并弱小的邻国。
The present conflict may provide fresh impetus for peace talk.     目前的冲突可能会给和谈提供新的推动力。
example sentence not found
Milton implanted in his daughters a great fear of, if not respect for, their father.     密尔顿对他女儿们灌输的思想不是尊父，就是惧父。
What implements are needed for gardening?     园艺需要些什么工具？
example sentence not found
A pool of implements for the use of all the workers on the estate; forming a pool of our talents.     种植园中所有工人共同使用的工具；将我们的才能聚集起来
He was deeply implicated (ie involved) in the plot.     他与该阴谋牵涉颇深.
Failure to say `No' may, by implication, be taken to mean `Yes'.     没表示否定, 其含义可能理解为是肯定的.
Her attitude was implicit in the answer she gave us.     她在给我们的答复中态度是含蓄的。
I think freedom does imply responsibility.     我认为自由一定包含着责任。
She implored me to do her a favor.     她恳求我帮她这个忙。
example sentence not found
I don't wish to imply that you are wrong.     我无意暗示你错了。
The government has an interest in importing scientific equipment.     政府对引进科学设备非常感兴趣。
He is a man of great importance.     他是一位非常重要的人物。
She was clearly an important person.     她显然是个有影响的人。
The importation of tobacco is the country's largest imports.     烟草进口是这个国家最大的进口商品。
I can offer them to you at price which you will find to compare very favourably with those of their importer.     如将我方的报价与其他进口商的比较，你会发现我方价格是非常优惠的。
Don't try to impose your wishes on us.     不要试图把你的愿望强加给我们。
Imposing a lenient sentence for such a serious crime sets a dangerous precedent.     对这样严重的罪行轻判就开了个危险的先例.
The imposition of the tax on books caused a sharp rise in price.     对书籍课税造成书价急剧上涨。
It's a physical impossibility to be in two places at one time.     同时在两地是自然规律上不可能的事。
You are the most impossible person I've ever met!     你是我遇到的最难以忍受的人！
My company impost general merchandise.     我公司经营杂货进口业务。
The plan is feasible in reason but impractical.     这个计划道理上行得通, 但不现实。
example sentence not found
She impressed me as a scholar.     她给我留下了学者的印象。
What were your first impressions of Beijing?     你对北京的最初印象如何？
His collection of paintings is the most impressive.     他的绘画收藏令人叹为观止。
Many coal-miners were imprisoned in a pit accident.     在一次塌方事故中，许多矿工被压在了井下。
The criminal was sentenced to one year's imprisonment.     这名罪犯被判处一年监禁。
It usually take me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.     为了准备一则即席的好讲辞，我通常要三个星期以上。
Laughing and joking are considered improper behaviors at a funeral.     在葬礼上发笑或开玩笑是失礼的行为。
I want to improve my English.     我想提高我的英语水平。
There is need for improvement in your handwriting.     你的书法需要改进。
As we've not got the proper materials, we'll just have to improvise.     我们没有弄到合适的材料, 只好临时凑合了.
He bought the house on an impulse.     他凭一时冲动买下了这所房子。
There are some impurities in food.     食物中有一些杂质。
I'm afraid we're in for a storm.     恐怕我们要遇上暴风雨了。
His inability to speak French puts him at a disadvantage.     他不会说法语, 这使他很吃亏.
The scientist discovered the plant in the most inaccessible reaches of the jungle.     这位科学家在丛林深处最难进入的区域发现了这种植物。
She is a proverb for inaccuracy.     她做事马虎是出了名的。
Your information is inaccurate and your conclusion is therefore wrong.     你的信息不准确，所以你的结论是错误的。
example sentence not found
These are inactive elements.     这些是惰性元素。
His explanation is inadequate.     他的解释不充分。
example sentence not found
He is a Dane inasmuch as he was born in Denmark.     他按出生在丹麦来说是丹麦人。
example sentence not found
The inaugural session closed at17:10 local.     开幕式在当地时间下午5点10分结束。
The city library was inaugurated by the mayor.     市长主持了市图书馆的落成仪式。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is a person of incalculable moods.     他是个喜怒无常的人。
The children seem to be totally incapable of working quietly by themselves.     这些孩子似乎完全不能安静地自己做功课。
I was incensed at his rudeness.     我对他的粗鲁感到愤怒。
He hasn't much incentive to work hard.     他没有努力工作的动力。
Prices are inching down.     物价在慢慢下降。
The rate of incidence of a disease.     发病率发生疾病的概率
The serious incident along the border increased our fears of the war.     边境上的紧张局势加重了我们对战争的忧虑。
Incidentally, if you want that book, I'll bring it next time.     顺便说一句，如果你要那本书，我下次带给你。
Detecting incipient tumors; an incipient personnel problem.     发现早期肿瘤；刚出现的个人问题
They incited the workers to violence.     他们煽动工人暴动。
You always follow your own inclination instead of thinking of our feelings.     你总是随心所欲而不考虑我们的情感。
I'm inclined to believe him innocent.     我倾向于相信他的无辜。
I'm inclined to believe he's innocent.     我颇以为他是无辜的.
Is service included in the bill?     帐单中包含服务费吗？
Inclusion in an insurance policy or protective plan.     保险项目某一保险单或担保方案所包含的内容
Reserve double room June fourth to tenth inclusive.     预订双人房间，六月四日至十日，共六晚，望订妥复电。
example sentence not found
My monthly income was just over 200 pounds.     我每月的收入是200多磅。
The process of combining incoming messages into a single message.     将输入的多个报文合并成一条报文的过程。参阅concentrator。
example sentence not found
The state or quality of being incompatible.     不相容性不相容的状态或性质
They only got an incomplete set of results from the experiment.     他们从这次实验中只得到了一组不完整的答案。
Completely different; incongruous.     异类的完全不同的；不一致的
She noticed several minor inconsistencies in his argument.     她觉察到他的论点有几处略微有些自相矛盾.
His accounts of the event were inconsistent.     他对那件事情的说法前后不一致。
I suffered great inconvenience.     我感到极不方便。
Living such a long way from the shops can be very inconvenient.     住得离商店这么远会很不方便。
The new car design incorporates all the latest safety features.     新的汽车设计具备最新安全措施的一切特点。
A borough of north-central England northeast of Manchester. Incorporated in1626, it is a major commercial, transportation, communications, and industrial center. Population, 718,100.     利兹英国英格兰中北部城市，在曼彻斯特的东北部。1626年被合并，它是一个主要商业、运输、通讯及工业中心。人口718，100
example sentence not found
He gave an incorrect answer.     他的答案是错误的。
They have increased the price of petrol again.     他们又提高了汽油的价格。
The increasing unemployment caused social unrest.     不断增加的失业引起了社会骚乱。
Increasingly, farm land is yielding to property development.     地产的发展逐渐占据了农田.
He has an incredible house!     他有一所极美的房子！
He looked at me with an incredulous expression.     他怀疑地看着我。
Your salary will be 12000 a year, withannual increments of 500.     你的年薪为12000英镑, 每年增加500英镑.
A decrease, especially a small or incremental one.     减少尤指小规模或逐步增加者的减少
example sentence not found
The hunter incurred great danger in killing the wolf.     猎人打狼时承受着巨大的危险。
He was found in incurable disease.     他被查出得了不治之症。
He was indebted to her for nursing him through pneumonia.     他感激她护理好了他的肺炎。
Enclosed is a sight draft for￡26.10.5 on Messrs. Robert& Sons, which clears off our indebtedness to you.     兹同函奉上以Robert父子公司为付款人，面额26。15英镑的即期汇票一张，用以清偿所欠贵方债务。
A friend in need is a friend indeed.     患难之交才是真朋友。
He has rather indefinite views on the question.     他对该问题的看法颇暧昧。
Pressure was put on them to delay the games indefinitely.     他们受到压力，让他们把运动会无限期推迟下去。
His concern for the masses made an indelible impression on us.     他对群众的关怀给我们留下不可磨灭的印象。
I will indemnify you for any expenses you may incur on my behalf.     我会偿付你为了我而负担的任何花费。
The victorious nations are demanding huge indemnities from their former enemies.     战胜国要求战败国交付巨额赔款.
There are long indented coastlines in the South Sea.     在南海有犬牙交错的海岸线。
Having indentations that extend about halfway to the center, as in certain leaves.     半裂的有锯齿状边缘的，延伸到距中心一半的距离，例如某些叶片
example sentence not found
When a boy leaves college and begins to earn money he can live a life of independence.     男孩子大学毕业后开始赚钱时，便可独立生活了。
She is so independent that she refused all pecuniary aid.     她很独立，所以拒绝一切金钱上的资助。
Charles Darwin and Alfred Russell Wallace discovered evolution independently.     查尔斯・达尔文和阿尔弗雷德・ 罗素・华莱士各自独立地发现了进化论。
The book will be indexed in the next edition so as to make it more useful.     为了使它更实用，这本书在下一版本中将编有索引。
India is to the south of China.     印度在中国的南边。
Some Indians are friendly to us.     有些印第安人对我们很友好。
Don't forget to indicate before turning.     拐弯之前别忘记指示车行方向。
There are some indications that the prices will rise.     有迹象表明物价将上涨。
Is a large head indicative of high intelligence?     头大是不是表示智慧高？
An indicator or a sighting apparatus on a plane table, used in angular measurement.     旋标装置飞机控制板上的指示器或观测仪，用来测量角度
The spread of disease among the refuges at last aroused the people from their indifference towards these unhappy people.     难民群中疾病的流传，终于将人民从对这些不幸者的漠不关心的状态中唤醒。
I was so excited to see snow that I was indifferent to the cold.     我看到雪激动得连寒冷都不在乎了。
The indigenous population was soon displaced by the settlers.     没过多久，外来移民就把当地人赶出了家园。
He suffers from indigestion.     他消化不良。
He is indignant at the false accusation.     他对被诬告愤愤不平。
I expressed my indignation at being unfairly dismissed.     我对不公平地被解雇表示愤慨。
The accident was the indirect result of the train being late.     引发事故的间接原因是火车晚点。
example sentence not found
In a furtive or circumspect manner; indirectly.     行为鬼祟的或谨慎的；谨慎的
He was indiscriminate in his choice of friends.     他择友不慎重。
Air, food and water are indispensable to life.     空气，食物，水皆为生命不可缺者。
His indistinct speech made it impossible to understand him.     他口齿不清, 无法听懂他的意思.
She has her own individual way of walking.     她有自己独特的走路姿势。
Individually the children are delightful; en masse they can be unbearable.     孩子们单独时还讨人喜欢, 一多了就受不了了.
All roams are equipped with electric heaters to keep indoor temperatures constant at15-2.0.     所有的房间都装备有电炉以保持室内撮氏15－20度的常温。
You stay indoors too much.     你呆在室内的时间太多了。
Too much food induces sleepiness.     吃得太饱会引起睡意。
He hasn't much inducement to study English.     他没有学习英语的兴趣。
The centimeter-gram-second unit of magnetic induction, equal to one maxwell per square centimeter.     高斯电磁感应的厘米－克－秒单位，等于每平方厘米的麦克斯韦尔
It pleased me to indulge her wishes.     放手满足她的欲望，使我感到高兴。
Sweets are my only indulgence.     甜食是我唯一的嗜好。
England is an advanced industrial country.     英国是一个发达的工业国家。
Nobel's greatness lay in the outstanding ability to combine the quality of an original scientists with those of a forward-looking industrialist.     诺贝尔的伟大在于他具有把独创性科学家的品质与卓有远见的企业家的品质相互结合起来的杰出能力。
example sentence not found
Many townships in the coastal area have begin to industrialize.     沿海地区的许多乡镇已开始工业化。
The energy shortage of the world results partly from wasteful use by the industrialized countries.     世界能源的短缺，部分是由于工业化国家挥霍能源而引起的。
The Chinese are industrious people.     中国人民是一个勤劳的民族。
The tourist trade has become a real industry.     旅游业已经成为真正的产业。
One that is disappointingly ineffective or unsuccessful.     无用的人或物的令人失望的无用的或不成功的人或物
example sentence not found
The inefficiency of one department can bring a whole industry into disrepute.     只要有一个部门的效率不高，就会使整个行业的名声受到影响。
The quality, condition, or fact of being inefficient.     无效率具有效率低的性质，处于无效率的状态或无效率的事实
His inept handling of a minor problem turned it into a major crisis.     他处理不善使小事变大了.
She lay there inert, I thought she must be dead.     她躺在那儿一动不动，我想她一定是死了。
The inertia of an entrenched bureaucracy.     平稳的官僚机构内存在的惰性
An argument was inevitable because they disliked each other so much.     争论是不可避免的，因为他们彼此非常厌恶。
Of necessity; inevitably.     必然必需地，不可避免地
Weather forecasting is an inexact science.     天气预报是一门模糊的科学.
This piece of furniture is really inexpensive with a price of less than forty dollars.     这件家具还不到四十美元，实在不贵。
He is inexperienced in business.     他在经商方面没有经验。
Our new plan is still only in its infancy.     我们的新计划仍处于摇篮阶段。
My sister's infant is very lovely.     我姐姐的小婴儿非常可爱。
example sentence not found
Her unconscious looks wander to her husband with infantile dependency.     带著像婴儿般的依赖她不由自主地把目光投向了她的丈夫。
The infantry are defending well.     步兵防守甚佳。
The young teacher infected the whole class with her enthusiasm.     这位年轻的老师以她的热诚感染了全班。
We should not be infected by erroneous ideas.     我们不应该受错误观念的影响。
We should pay more attention to the infection of young people with dangerous ideologies.     我们应该多注意危险的思想意识对年轻人的影响。
He expressed infectious enthusiasm to his voters.     他对他的选民表现出很有感染力的热情。
example sentence not found
It is possible to infer two completely opposite conclusions from this set of facts.     从这些事实中可能推断出两种截然相反的结论。
If he is guilty, then by inference so is she.     如果他有罪，可以推断出她也有罪。
He's so clever, he makes me feel inferior.     他那么聪明，让我自愧不如。
Some of them developed a great inferiority complex.     他们有些人养成了严重的自卑感。
Most inferior, as in quality, condition, or effect.     最差的在质量、条件或效果方面最差的
It's a garden infested with weeds.     这是杂草丛生的花园。
example sentence not found
Teaching little children takes infinite patience.     教幼儿需有极大的耐心。
The particles in an atom are infinitely small.     原子里的粒子极小.
example sentence not found
Multiply y by infinity.     以无穷数乘y.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He was inflamed with anger.     他满腔怒火。
Petrol is highly inflammable.     汽油是高度易燃的。
He has an inflammation of the lungs.     他得了肺炎。
With a supply of compressed air the large balloon inflated in a matter of seconds.     大气球注入压缩空气後, 几秒钟就充足了气.
The government is determined to bring down inflation.     政府决心把通货膨胀率降低。
Stubbornly prejudiced, narrow-minded, or inflexible.     思想偏狭顽固的、迂腐的或守旧的
Don't inflict your belief on me.     不要把你的想法强加于我。
He is a man of some influence in the government circles.     他是个在政府内有一定势力的人。
Our newspaper is an influential newspaper in this city.     我们的报纸在本市有很大影响力。
We all had influenza last night.     我们昨晚都患了流感。
Textile workers favoured protection because they feared an influx of cheap cloth.     纺织工人拥护贸易保护措施, 因为他们担心涌入廉价纺织品.
Please turn the article info English.     请把这篇文章译成英语。
I wasn't informed of the decision until too late.     等到我得知这项决定时，已经太迟了。
We had an informal meeting.     我们做了非正式的会晤。
The police haven't got enough information to catch the criminal.     警方还未得到可捉拿这个罪犯的足够情报。
It will be most interesting and informative to hear Mr. Smith.     届时能聆听到史密斯先生演讲，定会是极为有趣和增长见识的。
Any of several devices that convert incident electromagnetic radiation of mixed frequencies to one or more discrete frequencies of highly amplified and coherent ultraviolet, visible, or infrared radiation.     激光器使偶然的混杂频率的电磁辐射，变为一个或更多的高度强化和连续的紫外线、可见光或红外线辐射的分离频率仪器中的一种
Our city offer overseas in vesture fair service for production aside from infrastructure.     我市除了向外国投资者提供基础设施外，还提供良好的生产服务设施。
Explosions, though infrequent, are an occupational hazard for coal-miners.     矿井爆炸虽然不常发生, 但却是煤矿工人职业中的危险.
The publishing house infringed his copyright.     出版社侵犯了他的版权。
That law is an out-and-out infringement of our civil rights.     （那项法令完全侵犯了我们的公民权。）
This book shows that he is an ingenious author.     这本书表明他是一个有创造力的作家。
It took some ingenuity to squeeze all the furniture into the little room.     把全部家具都塞进那个小房间是很费了一番心思的。
Material, usually of plant or animal origin, that contains or consists of essential body nutrients, such as carbohydrates, fats, proteins, vitamins, or minerals, and is ingested and assimilated by an organism to produce energy, stimulate growth, and maintain life.     食物，粮食通常是源于植物和动物的物质，包含有人体营养物的必不可少物质或由其组成如：糖类、脂肪、蛋白质、维他命和矿物质等，由产生能量、促进发育和维持生命的组织消化和吸收
example sentence not found
There is a list of ingredients on the side of the packet.     包装袋的边上印有所含配料表。
Only a few people inhabited the island.     只有少数人在这个岛上居住。
He lives in a city with 100000 inhabitants.     他住在一个有十万居民的城市。
One that vaporizes, especially a device used to vaporize medicine for inhalation.     蒸发器蒸发的器具，尤其是用于蒸发吸入药剂的装置
He inhaled deeply.     他深深地吸了口气。
There is an inherent weakness in the design.     这设计本身存在弱点。
She inherited all her mother's beauty.     她秉承了她母亲的全部美貌。
On the maternal side his inheritance was a happy one.     他从母方接受的遗传是良好的。
The act of inhibiting or the state of being inhibited.     禁止禁止的动作或被禁止的状态
Shyness inhibited him from speaking.     他因害羞而说不出话来.
Inhibition of natural impulses may cause psychological problems.     压抑自然的冲动可能会引起心理上的问题。
Please write down your initials on each page of the paper.     请在每页考卷上写下名字的首字母。
The initialization of a data medium such that a particular computer system can store data in and subsequently retrieve data from the medium.     数据媒体的初始化，使某一特定计算机系统能将数据存在媒体中，随后又可从该媒体中检索出来。
example sentence not found
Initially, I disagree with his proposal, but later I changed my mind.     起初我不同意他的提议，不过后来我改了主意。
example sentence not found
It's only the initiative of the investigation.     这仅仅是调查的开始。
example sentence not found
His medicine is a drug that can be injected or taken by mouth.     他的药可以注射或口服。
The doctor gave her an injection to alleviate the pain.     医生给她注射以减轻疼痛.
She was injured badly in the accident.     她在事故中受重伤。
He suffered serious injuries to the arms and legs.     他的双臂和双腿严重受伤。
Justice will triumph over injustice.     正义必将战胜非正义。
The printing ink has been used up.     印刷油墨用光了。
Beijing is an inland city.     北京是一个内陆城市。
Here is just the fuel inlet.     这儿正是燃料入口。
example sentence not found
It was raining; they had to stay in the inn the whole day.     下雨了，他们不得不在旅馆里待了一整天。
She went into the inner room to change her dress.     她走进内室去换衣服。
Her innocence is only an imitation.     她的天真只是一种伪装。
He was charged with murder but found innocent later.     他被控杀人，但后来发现他是无罪的。
example sentence not found
It was a period of innovation.     这是革新时期。
The stars in the night sky are innumerable.     夜空中的星星数不清。
Inoculation with a vaccine made from microorganisms obtained from the recipient's own body.     自体接种利用从受体自身获得的微生物制备的疫苗作接种
Synthesis of carbohydrate from carbon dioxide and water using energy obtained from the chemical oxidation of simple inorganic compounds. This form of synthesis is limited to certain bacteria and fungi.     化学合成用简单无机化合物的化学氧化所产生的能量将二氧化碳和水合成碳水化合物。这种化学合成形式只限于某些细菌和真菌
Two input keys don't work.     有两个输入键有毛病。
I inquired of him about their work.     我向他了解他们的工作情况。
The police are making inquiries about the crime.     警方正在询问罪案的情况。
I know all the ins and outs of our school building.     我知道我们教学大楼的一切情况。
I have an insane desire to finish that thing.     我疯狂地渴望去完成那件事。
At length she bethought herself of writing, and inscribed her name-it was a short one-with her hoof on the sand.     最后她终于想到了写字，用一只蹄子把她的名字－－很短的一个名字－－划在沙地上。
I can't read the inscription on this stone because it's getting dark.     天黑了，我看不见这块石头上的碑文。
A locust is a kind of destructive insect.     蝗虫是一种害虫。
She inserted the key into the lock.     她把钥匙插入锁中。
There are many insertions of advertisement in the newspapers.     报纸上有很多插入的广告。
This lock can only be opened from the inside.     这把锁只能从里面打开。
example sentence not found
I've got an insight into the problem.     我对问题豁然开朗。
His hometown is an insignificant city on the map.     他的家乡只是地图上一个不起眼的小城。
Sickening or insipid in taste.     （味道上）令人作呕的，淡而无味的
He insisted on paying for the meal.     他坚持要付饭钱。
She's a most insistent person; she won't take `no' for an answer.     她是个说一不二的人, 决不容别人反对.
I'll help you insofar as I can.     我将尽力帮助你。
His staff is insolent to our manager.     他的员工对我们的经理很无礼。
A debtor that, upon voluntary petition or one invoked by the debtor's creditors, is judged legally insolvent. The debtor's remaining property is then administered for the creditors or is distributed among them.     破产者经自愿请求或被债务人的债权人所请求，在法律上被判定为无偿债能力的债务人。该债务人的剩余财产交由债权人管理或在债权人之间分配
It was strange that nobody inspected my ticket before I got on the train.     很奇怪，我上火车前，竟然没有人查看我的车票。
The soldiers lined up for their daily inspection by their officers.     士兵们列队接受长官的日常检阅。
A ticket inspector got on the train.     查票员上了火车。
His wife was a constant inspiration to him.     他的妻子经常鼓励他。
His best music was inspired by the memory of his mother.     他最好的乐曲创作灵感来自怀念他的母亲。
His best music was inspired by the memory of his mother.     他最好的乐曲创作灵感来自怀念他的母亲。
He possesses the quality of inspiring confidence.     他有本事能让别人信任他.
Insecurity or instability.     不安全或不稳定
The salesman said it would make all the difference to our heating bills if we installed double glazing.     那推销员说，如果我们安装双层玻璃窗的话，我们的暖气帐单就会完全不一样了。
The workers are installing a heating system.     工人们正在安装供暖系统。
It do provide information of the installation of pop specific software on system other than ad3.     它的确提供除AD3以外系统上POP指定的软件的安装信息。
We will pay for houses by monthly installments.     我们将按月分期付款买房。
We will pay for houses by monthly instalments.     我们将按月分期付款买房。
This is only one instance out of many.     这不过是许多例子中的一个。
I'll be back in an instant.     我马上就回来。
Relief was instantaneous.     痛苦的消除是瞬间的事
example sentence not found
Please tell me instantly he arrives.     他一到就请告诉我。
I gave him advice instead of money.     我给了他忠告，而不是钱。
Birds learn to fly by instinct.     鸟类学习飞翔是出于本能。
Running away is our instinctive reaction when we meet danger.     遇到危险时，我们的本能反应就是跑开。
He graduated from a famous foreign language institute.     他毕业于一所知名的外语学院。
Marriage is an institution in most societies.     婚姻是大多数社会早已确立的制度。
His uncle instructed him in French.     他的叔叔教他法语。
The teacher gave them instructions to arrive early tomorrow morning.     老师命令他们明天早晨要早到。
This is an instructive book.     这是本有教育意义的书。
Our driving instructor is very kind.     我们的驾驶教练非常和善。
The hospital imported some surgical instruments.     医院进口了一些外科器械。
I was instrumental in catching the criminal.     我曾经协助捉拿这罪犯。
The instrumentation is particularly fine.     这首器乐曲编得特别细致.
A bank check drawn on insufficient funds to take advantage of the time interval required for collection.     通融票据利用筹款需要的时间间隔开出不足的资金的银行支票
It is important to insulate the furnace from any neighbouring woodwork with brick and asbestos.     用砖和石棉把炉子与周围所有的木制品隔开，这很重要。
Loss of electric current as a result of faulty insulation.     漏电由于绝缘不好而导致的电流流失
Conductors let electricity through, but insulators don't let through.     导体让电流通过，而绝缘体则不让通过。
Canadian physiologist. He shared a1923 Nobel Prize for the discovery of insulin.     班廷，弗雷德里克・格朗1891－1941加拿大生理学家。因发现了胰岛素而获1923年诺贝尔奖
He shouted insults at the boy who had kicked him.     他大声辱骂那个踢了他的男孩。
He pays out 100 dollars in insurance premiums every year.     他每年付保险费一百美元。
My house is insured against fire.     我的房子保了火险。
Few buildings survived the bombing raids intact.     空袭过後幸存的建筑物绝无仅有。
Our school is gearing up for an increased intake of pupils.     我们学校正在作好准备以接受更多的学生。
Sound and light are intangible.     声和光是触摸不到的。
Designating an integer not divisible by two, such as1, 3, and5.     奇数的不能被2整除的整数，如1，3和5
The kitchen is an integral part of a house.     厨房是房子不可缺的部分
example sentence not found
I integrated your suggestion with my plan.     你的建议使我的计划完整了。
The policy of making only a perfunctory effort or symbolic gesture toward the accomplishment of a goal, such as racial integration.     表面文章一种只对一个要完成的目标、如种族融合而作一些随意的努力或象征性的姿态的策略
example sentence not found
You can trust him; he is a man of complete integrity.     你可以相信他，他是一个刚正不阿的人。
Intellect distinguishes humans from other animals.     人类与禽兽之别就在于具有思维能力。
The argument was too intellectual for me; I couldn't follow a word of it.     这场争论对我来说太深奥了，我一点都搞不明白。
His intelligence quotient is very high.     他的智商很高。
The student gave an intelligent answer.     这个学生给出了一个聪明的回答。
His theory is not intelligible to us.     他的理论我们无法理解。
I intended to catch the early train, but I didn't get up in time.     我本来打算赶早班的火车，但是我起晚了。
I did not go to the cinema because of the intense cold.     我因为严寒没出去看电影。
The terrorists have intensified their bombing campaign.     恐怖分子增加了炸弹爆炸活动.
The pain increased in intensity.     疼痛越来越剧烈。
Intensive efforts are being made to resolve the dispute.     现正全力以赴来解决这场纠纷。
She behaved foolishly but with good intent.     她的行为很蠢，但却是好意的。
They have no intention of getting married at present.     他们目前没有结婚的打算。
The intentional, usually remote-controlled destruction of a space vehicle, rocket, or missile after launching, as for defective performance or reasons of safety.     毁灭，摧毁因为方案不完善或为了安全的原因，经常通过遥控对已发射的宇宙飞船、火箭或导弹实施的有意的摧毁
Mother and baby interact in a very complex way.     母亲与婴儿以非常复杂的方式相互影响。
There should be a lot more interaction between the social services and local doctors.     社会公益服务机构和当地医生应该加强协作。
Our English software is an interactive educational software.     我们的英语软件是一种交互式教育软件。
Reporters intercepted him as he tried to leave by the rear entrance.     他想从后门溜走，记者把他截住了。
The police had been intercepting my mails.     警方一直截查我的邮件。
We should leave the motorway at the next interchange.     我们应该在下一个立体交叉道驶离高速公路。
It's strange how people's lives interconnect.     人们的生活是如何互相联系在一起的, 真是不可思议.
example sentence not found
English is more widespread and more used in international intercourse than German.     英语在国际交往中比德语使用得更为广泛。
His two great interests in life are music and painting.     音乐和绘画是他生活中的两大嗜好。
I tried to tell him about it, but he just wasn't interested.     我想把这件事告诉他，可他简直不感兴趣。
This book is interesting.     这本书很有趣。
The firewall machine will require two ethernet card, one interface to the outside world and one to the master pop network.     防火墙计算机要求2张以太网卡，一个对外部世界的接口和一个对主POP网络的接口。
I'll go tomorrow if nothing interferes.     如果没有其他的事，我明天去。
I resented his interference in my affairs.     我很不满他干预我的私事。
example sentence not found
The full report isn't ready yet, but you can see the interim report.     正式报告尚未写好，但你可以先看看这份临时报告。
The interior of the building is magnificent and luxurious     大楼内部装饰得富丽堂皇。
The interlacing branches on the picture look poetic.     图上交错的树枝看起来很有诗意。
The exercise book has plain pages interleaved between its lined ones/has lined pages interleaved with plain ones.     横格练习簿的页间已插入空白页.
Our feelings are interlinked.     我们的感情是相通的。
A fastening device consisting of parallel rows of metal, plastic, or nylon teeth on adjacent edges of an opening that are interlocked by a sliding tab.     拉链由平行的金属、塑料或尼龙的齿状物制成的，在开口临近边缘上被滑动的拉环锁住的紧扣物
They disliked each other too much to meet, so they conducted all their business through an intermediary.     他们彼此交恶不愿相见, 有事均通过中间人处理.
I've passed the intermediate level exam of Japanese.     我已经通过了日语的中级水平考试。
They saw the intermittent flashes from a lighthouse.     他们看见了灯塔发出一闪一灭的光。
I worked as an intern in that firm last summer.     去年夏天我在那家商行实习。
He worked in internal trade.     他的工作是做国内贸易。
example sentence not found
An international conference will be held in Beijing next month.     一个国际性的会议下月将在北京举行。
Should the Suezand Panama Canals be internationalized?     苏伊士运河和巴拿马运河应归国际共管吗?
Internet plays a very important role in modern life.     互联网在现代生活中发挥非常重要的作用。
example sentence not found
He interposed himself between them to stop them fighting.     他挤进两人中间，阻止他们打架。
Poetry helps to interpret life.     诗有助于阐释人生的意义。
I'm not satisfied with his interpretation of this sentence.     我不太满意他对这个句子的翻译。
I will be your interpreter in this month.     这个月，我将作你的译员。
Many would say that crime and poverty interrelate/are interrelated (with one another).     很多人都说犯罪与贫穷是密切相关的.
Many would say that crime and poverty interrelate/are interrelated (with one another).     很多人都说犯罪与贫穷是密切相关的.
example sentence not found
Traffic was interrupted by a dense fog.     交通因浓雾而受阻。
Numerous interruptions have prevented me from finishing my work.     我屡遭搅扰以致工作未能完成。
Cut to the left at the next intersection.     在下一个十字路口向左急转
example sentence not found
There is an hour's interval to the next train.     下一火班车还要过一小时才开。
example sentence not found
I was alone during intervening years.     这期间的若干年里，我一直一个人。
The government's intervention in this dispute will not help.     政府对这场争论的干预不会起作用。
As he had nothing to tell, he refused to give any interviews to the journalists.     他由于无可奉告，拒绝了记者采访。
Intestinal obstruction causing colic, vomiting, and constipation.     肠阻塞造成腹绞痛、呕吐和便秘的肠道堵塞
Food passed from the stomach to the small intestine.     食物由胃进入小肠。
She is my intimate friend.     她是我的密友。
He has given us no intimation of his intentions/what he intends to do.     他没有向我们透露他的意图.
The first strike capacity is intended mainly to intimidate adversary.     第一次攻击的武力主要是用来吓阻敌方的。
They broke into his store.     他们闯入他的店里。
Russian-born American violinist noted for his pure intonation and interpretive sense.     津巴利斯特，埃弗莱姆1889－1985俄裔美国小提琴家，他以纯正的音调和解释的能力而著名
He was fined for driving while intoxicated.     他因醉酒开车被罚款。
example sentence not found
I was unable to find out the intricate windings of the labyrinth.     我无法找出迷宫中扑朔迷离的路线。
She was intriguing with her sister against her mother.     她和妹妹串通捣鬼和母亲作对。
Existing as an essential constituent or characteristic; intrinsic.     固有的作为一种基本成份或典型特征而存在的；内在的
I'd like an intro to that girl you were talking to!     我想请你把我介绍给刚才你和她说话的那姑娘!
He introduced a motion to the Congress.     他向国会提交了一份议案。
This book is titled An Introduction to American Literature.     这本书名为《美国文学指南》。
An introductory performance, event, or action preceding a more important one; a preliminary or preface.     序幕先于较重要部分的介绍性表演，事件或行动；开端或序
I don't want to intrude on you if you are very busy.     如果你很忙的话，我就不打扰了。
My intuitions proved correct.     我的直觉确实是正确的。
When the river burst its banks the fields were inundated.     河岸决堤後, 田地遭洪水淹没.
The town was invaded by reporters.     这个城市涌进了大批记者。
The invader will arrive at dawn.     侵略者拂晓就要来了。
He never fully recovered, and had to spend the rest of his life as an invalid.     他没能完全康复，于是不得不成了一名残疾者度过余生。
The making of false statements could result in the invalidation of the contract.     提供虚假资料可能导致合同失效.
Your help is invaluable to us.     你对我们的帮助是非常宝贵的。
He came to see me with the invariable request for a loan.     他来见我时又提出了他那一贯的借钱的要求。
Wives say that men are invariably children at heart.     妻子们说男人实际上永远是孩子。
example sentence not found
Reading my diary is an inexcusable invasion of privacy.     看我的日记是一种不可原谅的侵犯个人隐私的行为。
We must invent an excuse for our absence.     我们必须为缺席编造一个藉口。
Necessity is the mother of invention.     需要是发明之母。
Marked by inventive skill and imagination.     灵巧的拥有创造性天才和想象力的
Alexander Graham Bell is the inventor of the telephone.     贝尔是电话的发明者。
Hedge can help them offset inventory loss when commodity price fall.     在商品价格下跌时，海琴能够帮助他们抵补存货价跌的损失。
This is the inverse of his earlier proposition.     这和他早些时候提的建议截然相反.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The chairs were inverted on the table.     椅子被倒置过来放在了桌子上。
I won't invest my money in his company.     我不会把我的钱投资到他的公司。
The police are investigating the murder.     警察正在调查这件谋杀案。
The accident is under investigation.     这一事故正在调查之中。
The government is trying to attract more investment into the shipbuilding industry.     政府正在试图吸引更多资金投资到造船业方面来。
An investor of capital in business, especially one having a major financial interest in an important enterprise.     资本家一名商业的投资者，尤指一个在一重要的企业中有重大财政利益的人
example sentence not found
We have an invincible army.     我们有一支不可战胜的军队。
Germs are invisible to the naked eye.     细菌用肉眼看不见。
Thank you for your kind invitation.     谢谢你的盛情邀请。
We invited all our relatives to the wedding.     我们邀请了所有的亲戚来参加婚礼。
She showed me her gratitude by inviting me to dinner.     她邀请我吃饭以表示她的感激。
A signed invoice presumes receipt of the shipment.     经过签字的发票表示货物已经收到。
They invoked help in the desperate situation.     他们在走投无路的情况下恳求援助。
She gave an involuntary smile.     她不由自主地笑了笑。
How should we involve ourselves in school life?     我们应该怎样投入学校生活？
The reporter is curious to know whether the official is involved in the case.     这个记者很想知道那位官员是否涉及此案。
The police are investigating his possible involvement in the crime.     警方正在调查他卷入那桩罪行的可能性。
His shaking hands showed his inward fear.     他颤抖的双手显示出他内心的恐惧。
Does the window open inwards or outwards?     这窗户是朝里开的还是朝外开的?
A tincture of iodine may be used medically.     碘酒可以作为医药使用。
A crystal defect caused by the absence of an atom, an ion, or a molecule in a crystal lattice.     晶格空位在晶格里由于缺少一个原子、一个离子或一个分子造成晶格空位
I haven't any money; can I give you an IOU for$10?     ＂我没钱了，我可以给你一张借条借十块钱吗？＂
Do you know where Ireland is?     你知道爱尔兰的方位吗？
Could you teach me how to adjust the iris of the camera?     你能教我怎么调照相机的光圈吗？
She spoke with an Irish accent.     她说话带有爱尔兰口音。
This basin is made of iron.     这个盆子是铁做的。
Madness, an ironic fate for such a clear thinker.     发疯，对这样一个思维清晰的人莫过于一种带有嘲弄意味的命运
example sentence not found
That's really lovely, that is!' he said with heavy irony.     ｀那真是可爱极了, 真的!＇他故意说反话.
To go away without telling your father is most irregular.     不跟你父亲打个招呼就走是非常不合适的。
An irregularity in the force or rhythm of the heartbeat.     心律失常不规则的心跳强度或节奏
His arguments were irresistible.     他的论据是无法反驳的。
The laws apply to everyone irrespective of race, color, or creed.     法律对人人都适用，不分种族，肤色或信仰。
I am sorry to say the only term of payment we can accept is100% irrevocable documentary letter of credit.     抱歉地说，我们能接受的付款条件只有100％不可撤销跟单信用证。
They are irrigating with water.     他们正用水灌溉土地。
Irrigation is needed to make crops grow in dry regions.     干旱地区需要灌溉才能使作物生长。
Harshness of manner; ill temper or irritability.     粗暴态度粗暴；脾气暴躁或易怒
His letter irritated me a little.     他的信使我有点恼怒。
The traffic noise is a constant irritation to city dwellers.     车辆的噪音对城市居民是永无止境的骚扰。
Pain past is pleasure.     过去的痛苦即是快乐。
The people or nations that practice Islam; the Moslem world.     穆斯林国度信奉伊斯兰教的民族或国家；穆斯林世界
She left the small island and became famous in metropolitan France.     她离开小岛而在法国的大都市中成名。
Do you know the locations of the British Isles?     你知道不列颠群岛的位置吗？
Scientists have isolated the virus causing the epidemic.     科学家们已分离出引起这种流行病的病毒。
Looked at in isolation, these facts are not encouraging.     孤立地看，这些事实并不乐观。
A radioactive isotope of carbon, especially carbon14.     放射性碳碳的一种放射性同位素，尤指碳14
Banknotes of this design were first issued 10 years ago.     这种图案的钞票是十年前首次发行的。
It's Friday.     今天星期五。
Rome is an Italian city.     罗马是意大利城市。
This sentence is in italic type.     本句是用斜体字印刷的.
Italy is in the south of Europe.     意大利在欧洲的南部。
The boys were itching for the lesson to end.     那些男孩子们渴望下课。
Are there any interesting news items in the paper this morning?     今天早晨报上有什么有趣的新闻吗？
example sentence not found
The management is asking everyone to produce ten more items each day; that should sort out the sheep from the goats.     资方要求每人每天多生产10个品目，那就能区分合格者与不合格者了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
For the details of their itinerary, I am all to seek.     关于他们的具体旅程，我毫无所知。
The little cat drank its milk and washed its face.     小猫喝了牛奶，又洗了脸。
The government made itself unpopular.     这届政府使得自己失去人心。
Gold, slaves and ivory were sent north.     黄金、奴隶和象牙被运送到北方。
Jack up the car, please.     请用千斤顶把汽车托起来。
My brother wants to buy a sport jacket.     我弟弟想买一件运动衫。
It's a collection of Chinese jade.     这是收藏的一批中国玉器。
A jagged wound or cut.     锯齿状的伤口或裂口
The prisoner was put into the jail with fetters.     这个犯人被戴上脚镣投进了监狱。
Traffic jams in the town happen everyday.     城里的交通天天堵塞。
He is a school janitor.     他是学校的门卫。
The accident happened on January 8th.     那件事故发生在一月八日。
Japan lies to the east of China.     日本在中国的东面。
We went to the park to see Japanese cherry blossoms.     我们到公园去看日本樱花。
How much is a jar of peanut butter?     一瓶花生酱多少钱？
The special terminology understood among the members of a profession, discipline, or class but obscure to the general population; jargon.     术语，行话在一个职业、学科或阶层的成员间能被理解的特殊术语，但对一般大众来说却晦涩难懂；专门术语
On hearing the news, his jaw dropped.     听到这个消息，他惊讶得张口结舌。
Any of various hand or power tools with fixed or adjustable jaws for gripping, turning, or twisting objects such as nuts, bolts, or pipes.     扳手一种有固定或可调整的钳口的手用或机械工具，用来咬合、转动或扭转如镙钉、镙铨或管子的物体
She's potty about jazz.     她迷上了爵士音乐.
They may feel jealous of his success.     他们也许妒嫉他的成功。
His many little jealousies harmed their marriage.     他那许多妒嫉的言行妨害了他们的婚姻生活。
Jean is a blue-eyed girl.     珍是个蓝眼睛的女孩。
Both my sister and I like to wear jeans.     我姐姐和我都喜欢穿牛仔裤。
A jeep is ideal for driving over rough terrain.     吉普车很适合在高低不平的路面上行驶.
He jeered at a defeated opponent.     他嘲弄被击败的对手.
Apple jelly is the little girl's favorite.     苹果冻是这个小女孩最喜欢的。
The security of the whole operation has been jeopardized by one careless person.     整个作业的安全让一个粗心大意的人给破坏了.
The knife was stuck but she pulled it out with a jerk.     那把刀子被卡住了，她猛地一拔，把它拔了出来。
Jesus was the founder of the Christian religion.     耶稣是基督教的创始人。
He left on the jet plane.     他坐飞机离开了。
The first-stage vehicle is used to launch the rocket and is then jettisoned in the upper atmosphere.     第一级运载火箭是用来发射火箭的, 进入高层大气後即抛掉.
He is as rich as a Jew.     他是个大财主。
The book is the jewel of his collection.     这本书是他藏书中最珍贵的一本。
Jewelry and lace are mostly feminine belongings.     珠宝和蕾丝大多是女性用品。
Here is a local Jewish community.     这是当地犹太人的一个社区。
The coins jingled in his pocket.     他衣袋里的硬币叮当乱响。
example sentence not found
The whole job only takes half an hour.     整个工作只需要半个小时。
example sentence not found
Not having work; jobless.     失业的没有工作的；无工作的
The wagon jogged along on the rough road.     马车沿着崎岖不平的道路颠簸前行。
example sentence not found
He joined us in the discussion yesterday.     他昨天参加了我们的讨论。
The doctor put his bone into the joint again.     医生使他的骨头复位。
It is no joke.     这可不是开玩笑的事。
I knew she was joking because she had a big grin on her face.     我知道她是在开玩笑，因为她脸上堆满笑容。
It's time we jolly them up.     是给他们鼓劲的时候了。
The news of the accident gave her an unpleasant jolt.     她听到出事的消息吃了一惊。
There's not a jot of truth in his story.     他讲的一句实话也没有。
He subscribed to a journal this year.     今年他订了一份期刊。
He's a journalist on the Daily Telegraph'.     他是《每日电讯报》的记者.
This journalist's works are popular among young people.     这位新闻记者的著作很受年轻人的欢迎。
She will journey to Latin America from Canada.     她将从加拿大动身去拉丁美洲。
I saw the joy in her smiling face.     从她的笑脸上我看到欢欣。
Imagine the joyful scene when they were reunited with their lost daughter.     他们与失散的女儿团聚，快乐的情景是可想而知的。
example sentence not found
He is an impartial judge.     他是一位公正的法官。
He passed judgement on the guilty man.     他对那个罪犯做出了裁决。
He passed judgment on the guilty man.     他对那个罪犯做出了裁决。
The workers decided to take judicial proceedings against the company.     工人们决定对公司正式提起诉讼。
She poured some water into the earthenware jug.     她向那个陶罐里倒了些水。
She juiced an orange for her breakfast.     她用一只橙子榨汁作早餐饮料。
There are some fresh juicy oranges.     那边有些新鲜多汁的橙子。
The jukebox ground out an incessant stream of pop music.     自动电唱机没完没了地放送流行乐曲。
July is the hottest month in a year in my hometown.     在我的家乡，七月是一年里最热的一月。
Details of the accident were all jumbled up in his mind.     该事故的详情在他头脑中已混在一起。
The horse cleared all the jumps.     这匹马跳过了所有的障碍物。
The child has picked a hole in his new jumper.     孩子的新毛衣上勾了一个洞。
example sentence not found
The accident happened at one of the country's busiest railway junctions.     事故发生在该国一个极繁忙的铁路交叉点处。
He started work here last June.     他是去年六月开始在这里工作的。
The new road was hacked out of the jungle.     这条新路是在丛林地带开辟出来的。
He is studying at a junior middle school.     他正在上初中。
I am so happy to get the letter from you saying that I had been admitted to Moraine Valley Junior College.     接到来信，知道我已被莫莱茵谷专科学校录取，真是高兴万分！
I can't remember quarreling with him in junior high school.     我不记得国中时和他吵过架。
The juniper is a type of evergreen bush with purple berries.     杜松子是一种生有紫红色浆果的常绿灌木。
He threw away all the junk in the boot of the car.     他把汽车行李箱中所有废弃的旧物都扔了出去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The eyes of Argus Juno took and scattered as ornaments on the tail of her peacock, where they remain to this day.     朱诺取下阿尔戈斯的眼睛，撒在她的孔雀的尾巴上作为装饰，直到今天这些眼睛还呆在老地方。
The action of the ruling junta have been criticized in the press.     掌权的政协委员务会的行为已在报上受到批评。
example sentence not found
The planets of our solar system are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.     我们太阳系的行星有水星、金星、地球、火星、木星、土星、天王星、海王星。
This affair is within his jurisdiction.     这件事情在他的管辖权限之内。
example sentence not found
Judge or juror favour one of the parties in a case.     法官或陪审员偏袒诉讼案当事人中的一方。
The jury found the prisoner not guilty.     陪审团认定该囚犯无罪。
The stone just missed the boy.     那块石头差点儿砸到男孩。
I won't dispute the justice of his remarks.     我不怀疑他的话是公平合理的。
example sentence not found
I suppose that, in justification, he could always claim he had a family to support.     我想他反正会以养家为理由来进行辩解。
The policeman was justified in shooting the criminal in self-defence.     那个警察出于自卫枪击罪犯是正当防卫。
He wrote down to the juvenile readers.     他为青少年读者写浅显的作品。
The kangaroo is a native of Australia.     袋鼠是产於澳洲的动物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The razor has a very keen edge.     这把剃刀有锋利的口。
I'll only keep you a few minutes.     我只耽搁你几分钟。
The keeper is feeding the animals.     饲养员正在喂动物。
The conductor is good at keeping the players together.     乐队指挥善于使表演者奏协调。
example sentence not found
I think there is a kernel of truth in these otherwise frivolous comments.     我认为在这些本来是无关紧要的评论中含有一定的真实性。
There was a kerosene lamp on the table.     桌子上有一盏煤油灯。
example sentence not found
A watched kettle never boils.     心急也没用。
He is a key witness in this case.     在这个案件中，他是一个主要见证人。
The hinged cover protecting the keyboard of a piano.     钢琴盖保护钢琴键盘的可悬挂的盖
She keyed in all the new data.     她键入了所有的新数据。
His eyes were glued to the keyhole.     他的眼睛紧贴在钥匙孔上。
Unemployment has been the keynote of the conference.     会议的主题是失业问题.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
On a keyboard, the force required to depress a key to ensure positive contact and the action of the keystroke.     在键盘上，为保证按下键时接触可靠及完成一次击键动作所需要的力。
example sentence not found
He kicked a penalty goal in the football match.     在这场足球赛中，他主罚，踢进了一个球。
I will do it if you kickback a few hundred for my firm.     如果你给我公司几百元回扣我就干。
You must be kidding!     你一定是在骗我！
She swears she didn't mean to leave Nurse Ellen down there to die. In the same way she says she only pretended to kidnap the children.     她发誓说她并不是想把埃伦保姆丢在那里让她去死。她同时又说她只是假装把孩子们绑架走。
Each man has a pair of kidneys.     每个人有一对肾脏。
My back is killing me.     我的背疼得要命。
The police chief spoke of his determination to catch the killer.     警长谈到他决意要抓获凶手。
The indication is that it is an underworld killing.     迹象表明它是下流社会的谋杀。
I weighed out half a kilo of flour and added it to the mixture.     我秤了半公斤面粉，加到混合物中。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She weighs 50 kilograms.     她的体重有50公斤。
The bridge is almost 2 kilometers long.     这座桥差不多有两公里长。
A unit of electric power equal to the work done by one kilowatt acting for one hour.     千瓦－小时电功率的单位，等于在一千瓦功率下一小时内消耗的功
We are near of kin.     我们是近亲。
We often do this kind of exercise.     我们经常做这类练习。
It is noisy in the kindergarten.     幼儿园里很嘈杂。
Her eyes kindled with excitement.     她的眼睛里闪耀出激动的神色。
She always spoke kindly to the children.     她总是亲切地和孩子们说话。
I think it would be a kindness to tell him the bad news straight away.     我认为直截了当地告诉他这个坏消息倒是友好的行为。
The king is the most important person in a kingdom.     国王是一个王国中最重要的人物。
The queen ruled her kingdom wisely.     女王英明地统治着她的王国。
Soon Mr.Ho will install an iron gate across the side entrance to his10-by-4-foot stall, and then he says he will be able to sleep again. But just as he is saying this, a motorist opens a car door and bangs it against the back of the kiosk and the proprietor nearly jumps out of his skin.     不久何先生就会在他的十尺长四尺宽的木屋的侧门前面装一个铁门。他说那样他就可以高枕无忧了。话犹未了，一个驾车人打开车门时，猛然撞到报亭后墙，吓得报亭主人几乎魂不附体。
He kissed his wife and children good-bye.     他吻别他的妻子和孩子。
They marched twenty miles in full kit.     他们带着全副装备行军二十英里。
They usually eat their breakfast in the kitchen.     他们通常在厨房吃早饭。
The children are flying kites.     孩子们在放风筝。
example sentence not found
His left knee was hurt in a traffic accident.     他的左膝在一次交通事故中受伤了。
She knelt down to pray.     她跪下祈祷。
I picked up the knife and threw it out of the window.     我拿起了那把刀，把它扔到了窗外。
The knights rushed into the palace to protect their king.     骑士们冲向宫殿去保护国王。
She often knits while watching TV.     她常常一边看电视一边织毛衣。
You may turn the right knob on the TV to switch it on.     你可以拧电视上右边的旋钮把它打开。
He knocked a big hole in the wall.     他把墙撞出了一个大洞。
One that raps or strikes, especially a door knocker.     敲击者敲击或打击的人，尤指敲门者
He knotted a towel about his neck.     他把毛巾系在脖子上。
I know what happened.     我知道发生了什么事。
She has a detailed knowledge of this period.     她对这段时期的情况了解地相当详细。
Knowledgeable about or constituting all or many subjects; comprehensively broad.     博学多才的关于或组成所有或许多学科知识的；包罗万象的广阔
After chemical assay, we have known the composition of the ore.     经过化学分析，我们知道了矿石的构成。
The Powell structural research lab at the university of California at San Diego tests new bridge materials such as carbon and fiberglass polymers.     位于圣地亚哥的加州大学鲍威尔建筑实验室试制出了新的桥梁建筑材料，如碳和玻璃纤维聚合体。
Have you attached labels to the luggage?     你给行李系上标签了吗？
The bottle is labeled poison.     瓶上标明有毒。
example sentence not found
It takes a lot of labor to build a railway.     修筑一条铁路要花费许多劳动力。
Our professor usually works in the laboratory doing his research.     我们的教授常常在实验室搞研究。
The farmer paid 3 laborers to gather the crop.     农场主雇佣3名工人收割庄稼。
He has a laborious style of writing.     他的文笔不流畅。
You needn't labour a point that is perfectly plain.     这点很明显，你用不着讲个没完。
She wears a dress with delicate lace.     她穿了一件带有精致花边的裙子。
He is good at his job but he seems to lack confidence.     他工作不错，但似乎缺乏信心。
example sentence not found
A person of slavish or unquestioning obedience; a lackey.     象奴隶般的人一个象奴隶一般顺从或无条件服从的人；卑躬屈膝者
The girl always complains about lacking suitable raiment.     这个女孩总是抱怨没有合适的衣服。
Swedish director whose critically acclaimed films, such as The Silence(1963) and Fanny and Alexander(1983), are characterized by slow pace, laconic dialogue, and heavy use of symbolism to explore the psychological states of the characters.     伯格曼，英马尔生于1918瑞典导演，其受到评论界赞扬的电影，如沉默（1963年）和芬尼和亚历山大（1983年），其特点是慢节奏、对话简洁和大量运用象征手法以揭示人物的心理状态
She lacquered the old table.     她给旧桌子上了层漆。
The goal in soccer, hockey, and lacrosse.     球门足球、曲棍球和长曲棍球的球门
example sentence not found
Now they wear rubber fingers treated with lactic acid.     现在他们戴上了用乳酸处理过的橡皮指套。
example sentence not found
He is just a lad.     他不过是个小青年。
Hard work is often a ladder to success.     发奋工作常是通向成功的阶梯。
He gave me the bill of lading before leaving.     走之前，他交给我那张提货单。
The traditional picture of an English Christmas a table laden with food and drink.     英国圣诞节的传统图景总有1张餐桌，上面摆满了酒菜。
I can't stand her or her la-di-da friends.     我受不了她或她那些惺惺作态的朋友.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's a steal at only $50.'     ｀女士们、 先生们, 这个只卖50美元, 太便宜啦.＇
Can you please tell me where the ladies’ room is?     请你告诉我女厕所在哪里好吗？
She behaved like a lady.     她举止端庄象一个淑女。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The children always lag behind when we go for a walk.     我们出去散步时，孩子们总是落在后面。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He went straight to Lagos, without stopping in Nairobi.     他径直前往拉各斯, 未在内罗毕停留.
After the poor old man died, people found20,000 dollars under his laid by.     这位可怜的老死后，人们在他的床下发现了他一点点儿积攒的20，000美元。
I have to warn you that his motives have lain hidden.     我不得不提醒你他的动机还不明。
The kidnappers' lair was an old farm in the hills.     绑架者的藏身处是一座山上的旧农场。
The new proposals affect both clergy and laity.     新的建议与神职人员和俗人都有关系。
The river fed into a lake.     这条河流入一个湖泊。
example sentence not found
The sheep are lambing this week.     这个星期绵羊要产羔。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He gave a lame excuse for being absent.     他找了个站不住脚的理由来解释缺席的原因。
He deeply lamented the death of his wife.     他对妻子的去世深感悲痛。
His death is a lamentable loss of our work.     他的死对我们的工作来说是令人悲痛的损失。
We could hear her lamentations through the closed door.     我们听见她关着门在哭。
example sentence not found
A raised bubble, as on a painted or laminated surface.     浮泡如漆面或层压的表面的气泡
A miner's lamp is fixed onto his helmet.     矿灯固定在矿工的头盔上。
His cartoons mercilessly lampooned the leading politicians of the day.     他的讽刺漫画无情地挖苦了当今的政界要人.
He drove full tilt intothe lamppost.     他车开得飞快, 撞上了路灯柱.
The lampshade will soften the light.     这个灯罩能使光线柔和一些.
Thank you for the book you sent me through Hu Lan.     谢谢你请胡兰转寄给我的书。
We turned off the motorway at Lancaster.     我们在兰开斯特转弯离开了高速公路.
The horseman aimed his lance at his quarry.     骑手把长矛对准了他的猎物。
We are glad to be on land again.     我们很高兴又踏上陆地了。
example sentence not found
The pilot landed the plane safely.     驾驶员使飞机安全降落。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My room door opens off the top landing.     我家的房门朝着顶楼楼梯平台。
The military aircraft circled over the landing strip for some time before it landed.     这架军用飞机着陆前在着陆跑道上空盘旋了一阵。
He likes being mothered by his landlady.     他喜欢女房东无微不至地照顾他.
example sentence not found
It's a nice pub, except for the landlord.     酒店很不错，但是那店主却不怎么样。
That is an oil painting of a landscape in spring.     那是一幅描绘春天景色的油画。
That lane will take you to his house.     你从那条小巷就可以走到他家。
Chinese is my native language.     汉语是我的母语。
He speaks with a languid drawl.     他慢吞吞拉着长调说话。
The Chinese palace lanterns are famous for their delicacy.     中国的宫灯以精巧闻名。
The cat lapped up the milk.     猫舔食牛奶。
After a lapse of several years he came back to see us.     数年不见之后，他又回来看我们了。
example sentence not found
Shanghai is a large city.     上海是一个大城市。
His successes were largely due to luck.     他的成功主要靠运气。
He only said it for a lark.     他只是说着玩而已。
A long, slender, flexible rod having a tuft or sponge at the end, used to remove foreign bodies from or apply medication to the larynx or esophagus.     除鲠器，食管探子纤细而可弯曲的长圆棒，其一端有一小片海绵或毛撮，用来去除喉部或食管的外来异物或给喉部或食道上药
Lasers can be used to perform operations nowadays.     现在激光可以用来做手术。
He lashed at his rival for dishonesty.     他严厉斥责对手的欺诈行为。
He was the last to arrive.     他到得最晚。
Having lasting significance or worth; enduring.     历久不衰的，持续的有永久的意义或价值的；持久的
Lastly, we're going to visit Athens, and fly home from there.     最後我们将访问雅典，然後从那儿乘飞机回国。
This door won't latch properly.     这门闩不牢。
We went to bed late.     我们很晚才上床。
I've not been feeling very well lately.     我最近一直感觉不太好。
example sentence not found
He was infected with a latent infection.     他被感染了一种潜伏性的传染病。
I'll speak with her later.     我要稍后跟她谈。
Having a single, undivided trunk with lateral branches, as in spruce trees.     （茎）贯顶的，（树性）塔状的主轴延伸成不分枝的茎或杆的，如云杉
example sentence not found
That lathe is used for shaping pieces of wood.     那个车床是用来加工木材的。
I know nothing about Latin grammar.     我一点都不懂拉丁语法。
The new law allows firms a lot less latitude than before in fixing the price of their goods.     新法律在允许各商行给产品定价的自由上比以前少得多了。
Of these two men, the former is dead but the latter is still alive.     这两个人中，前者已死，而后者仍然活着。
The space around the altar of a church for the clergy and sometimes the choir, often enclosed by a lattice or railing.     教堂高坛教堂内圣坛周围供牧师有时也供唱师班用的通常围以格子或栅栏的高坛，
example sentence not found
Don't laugh at him.     不要嘲笑他。
I can hear his laughter even in the next room.     我在隔壁房间都能听到他的笑声。
They have launched a man-made satellite successfully.     他们成功地发射了一颗人造卫星。
example sentence not found
Has the laundry come back yet?     洗的衣服送回来了吗？
example sentence not found
He was awarded the poet laureate by the queen.     他被女王封为桂冠诗人。
All other laurels wither before hers.     所有荣誉和她获得的相比都黯然失色。
It might be better for his reputation if he stopped writing and rested on his laurels.     也许停止写作，安于现状会对他的声誉更好一点。
example sentence not found
I've seen the stream of lava from a volcano.     我见过火山喷发出的熔岩流。
The lavatory windows are made of translucent glass.     厕所窗户是用半透明玻璃做的。
She will never lave home; she is too tied to her mother's apron strings.     她永远也离不开家；她太依赖她的母亲了。
This is a kind of lavender-water.     这是一种熏衣草香水。
She lavished kindness on them.     她对他们过份和气。
His house is lavishly adorned.     他的家装饰得非常华丽。
The law forbids stealing.     法律禁止盗窃。
It is not lawful to do that.     做那事是不合法的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The western part of America was lawless 200 years ago.     二百年前，美国西部是没有法纪的。
Increasingly alarmed by high-speed pursuits that are killing hundreds of people every year, police departments around the country, as well as state and Federal lawmakers, are clamping down on the wild, Hollywood-style chases…     每年有数百人死于高速[警匪]追逐，情况越来越令人警惕。全国各地警察单位，各州以及联邦立法机关，正在限制疯狂的好莱坞式的追逐……。
Let's have tea on the lawn.     我们到草坪上去喝茶吧。
The gardener asked me for a rotatory lawn mower.     园丁向我要一台旋转式割草机。
Excuse me, sir, hold on. Mrs Lawrence will speak to you herself.     请原谅，先生，先别挂电话，劳伦斯太太要亲自与您讲话。
Mr Lawson is nearly eighty, but he's still young at heart and interested in everything we do.     劳森先生近８０岁了，但他仍然童心犹在，对我们所做的每一件事都感兴趣。
A party engaged in a lawsuit.     诉讼当事人参与诉讼的一个团体
He is dreaming of becoming a lawyer.     他梦想着成为律师。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The seeds of this plant, widely used as a mild bulk laxative and sometimes added to foods as a dietary source of soluble fiber.     亚麻籽车前的籽这种植物的种子，作为温和的散装缓泻剂而被广泛使用，有时加在食物中作为可溶纤维的饮食上的来源
example sentence not found
He knows the lay of the land here.     他了解这里的地形。
example sentence not found
There are several layers of meaning.     有几层不同的含意。
The earth's crust is layered..     地球的外壳是分层的。
Layman is not a clergyman or a priest.     普通信徒有别于教士和牧师。
Stock prices broke when the firm suddenly announced layoffs.     当公司突然宣布裁员时，股票价格便大跌
In a printer or display, a control character used to control the layout or location of information.     在打印机或显示器中，一种用于控制打印或显示信息的布局或位置的控制字符。
example sentence not found
Laze around the house.     在屋子周围闲逛
She reclined lazily on the cushions.     她懒洋洋地靠在靠垫上。
One of the frailties of human nature is laziness.     人性的弱点之一是懒惰。
She is getting lazy.     她渐渐懒惰起来。
The boy is lazybones through and through.     这个男孩是个彻头彻尾的懒虫。
These fish vary in weight from 3 lb to 5 lb.     这些鱼的重量从3磅到5磅不等.
example sentence not found
The endless lea will purify your thought.     一望无际的草原会净化你的思想。
The act or process of leaching.     过滤滤去的行为或过程
The guide led us to the river.     向导带领我们到河边。
Leaded gasoline; leaded paint.     含铅汽油；含铅涂料
Drizzle from a leaden sky.     从铅灰色的天空中飘落的雨丝
Which football team is the leader in the football championship?     现在哪个队在足球锦标赛中领先？
Our leaders made a judicious decision for our company's future.     我们公司的领导为我们公司作出了明智的抉择。
She lacks leadership.     她缺乏领导才能。
Have you read the leading story in the newspaper?     你看了报纸的头条新闻了吗？
Even so, younger buyers and others who have been on the leading edge of trends continue to prefer Japanese cars in disproportionate numbers.     尽管如此，年轻的顾客以及走在时代潮流前面的人，仍然宁买日本汽车，其人数之众简直不成比例。
Trees begin to have leaves in spring.     春天，树木开始长叶子了。
Many trees are leafless in winter.     很多树冬天时就掉光了叶子。
I pick up a leaflet about the care of teeth.     我拿起一张宣传保护牙齿的传单。
I like to eat some leafy vegetables in the summer.     在夏天我喜欢吃一些叶状蔬菜。
Our club is a member of the Football League.     我们的俱乐部是足球联合会的一员。
There is a leak in the roof.     屋顶有一个漏洞。
The washer for preventing leakage is broken.     那个防漏的垫圈坏了。
The plumber went down to the cellar to fix the leaky pipe.     管道工到地下室去修漏水的管子。
The trees leant in the wind.     树在风中倾斜。
His name leapt out at me from the newspaper.     报纸上他的名字一下字跳入我的眼帘。
I'm trying to learn English.     我正在尽力学英语。
He is a learned doctor.     他是一个医术高明的医生。
Learner drivers often stall (their cars).     见习司机常造成（汽车）熄火现象.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.     一知半解，为害不浅。
We've taken a lease on an office building.     我们已租了一幢办公楼。
Leased or private, usually referring to communications lines or equipment.     租用的或私人的，通常指的是通信线路或设备。
example sentence not found
The least noise would startle the timid child.     最小的响声也会吓着这个胆小的孩子的。
I have a pair of leather mittens.     我有一副皮连指手套。
You've left your food.     你的东西没吃完。
The leaves have started to colour; it will soon be winter.     树叶已开始变色，很快就是冬天了。
He lectured to his students on modern writers.     他给学生们讲了关于现代作家的一课。
The lecturer is lecturing on Russian literature.     讲师正在讲俄罗斯文学。
British theologian who led the Oxford movement after John Henry Newman's conversion to Roman Catholicism(1845).     普西，爱德华・布维里尔1800－1882英国神学家，在约翰・亨利纽曼皈依罗马天主教（1845年）之后，发动了牛津运动
Ten days should be a big enough leeway to allow for delays.     把耽搁考虑在内，增加十天时间是绰绰有余的了。
His left arm was broken.     他的左臂断了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She threw the leftovers in the garbage.     她把剩饭倒进垃圾桶。
example sentence not found
This chair has only three legs.     这把椅子只有三条腿。
These are the cultural legacies of the Renaissance.     这些是文艺复兴时期的文化遗产。
He is the only legal heir of the rich man.     他是这位富翁的唯一法定继承人。
Some people want to legalize the possession of cannabis.     有些人想将私有大麻合法化.
You are not legally bound to answer these questions.     在法律上，你没有义务非回答这些问题不可。
example sentence not found
The musician made the legend into a beautiful ballad.     这位音乐家把传说编成了一首美丽的民谣。
Her patience and tact were legendary.     她的耐心和机智是出名的。
example sentence not found
Those soldiers all wear leggings.     那些战士都裹着绑腿。
example sentence not found
The inscription was still legible.     铭文仍清晰可辨.
He can write as neatly and legibly as the next person if he takes his time over it.     若他不匆匆忙忙写的话，他能写得和别人一样整洁、清楚。
The filmstar has a legion of admires.     那个影星有一大群崇拜者。
It's impossible to legislate for every contingency.     为每一偶发事件都立法是不可能的.
The government will introduce legislation to restrict the sale of firearms.     政府将制定法规限制枪支出售。
Legislative reform is long overdue.     立法方面的改革早该进行。
Six legislators were elected by local people.     当地人选举了六名立法委员。
Do you know what is the legislature in China?     你知道中国的立法机关是哪个吗？
example sentence not found
I'm not sure that his business is strictly legitimate.     我说不好他的生意是否全部合法。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Lies have short legs.     谎言总是站不住脚的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Are you at leisure just now?     你现在有空吗？
The group tour the museum at a leisurely pace.     这个旅游团悠闲地参观这个博物馆。
There is a lemon tree in our garden.     我们的花园里有一棵柠檬树。
He likes drinking lemonade.     他喜欢喝柠檬汽水。
The banner lent color to the streets.     旗帜给街道增添了色彩。
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.     【谚】别借债，莫放债。
He beguiled me into lending him my bicycle.     他骗我把自行车借给了他。
The room is 15 feet in length and 10 feet in breadth.     这房间长15英尺，宽10英尺。
He lengthened the rope by tying another piece to it.     他又接上一段绳子，把原来的加长了。
The tables were laid lengthwise.     这些餐桌是纵向摆放的。
The problem was solved only after several lengthy discussions.     那个问题几经长时间的讨论才得以解决.
example sentence not found
Lenient parents; lenient rules.     仁慈的父母；宽松的规章制度
Lenin wrote that the overthrow of the autocracy is only the first stage of the revolution.     列宁写道：“推翻专制制度只是革命的第一阶段。”
example sentence not found
The lens is often used to make telescopes.     镜片常被用来做成望远镜。
He has lent his name to the lofty cause.     他以自己的名义支持这一崇高的事业。
Pick over the lentils carefully in case there are any stones amongst them.     把这些豆子里的沙粒挑出去.
example sentence not found
A constellation in the Northern Hemisphere near Leo and Gemini.     巨蟹星座北半球狮子座和双子座附近的一个星座
Leonardo da Vinci is a famous artist in the Italian Renaissance.     利奥纳多・达・芬奇是意大利文艺复兴时期的一位知名画家。
example sentence not found
He walks slowly and soundlessly like a leopard.     他象一只豹子一样缓慢无声地走着。
In the old ages, lepers were often put into fire.     在过去，麻疯病患者经常被扔进大火中烧死。
There were many people with leprosy around the age of thirty.     在三十年代有很多麻疯病人。
Loss of the ability to read, usually caused by brain lesions.     读字不能，失读症通常由脑损伤引起的对阅读能力的丧失
example sentence not found
Work more and dream less, you will be much happier.     多做事少空想，这样你会愉快得多。
The lessor can evict the lessee for failure to pay rent.     出租人可驱逐不付租金的承租人。
The pain was already lessening.     疼痛已在减轻。
This is the lesser evil of the two.     这是两种弊病中较轻的。
His car accident has been a lesson to him to stop driving too fast.     他的车祸给了他一个教训，使他不再开快车。
They spoke in whispers lest they should be heard.     他们低声说话，唯恐被别人听见。
She lets her children play in the garden.     她让孩子们在花园里玩。
example sentence not found
Pot-holes can be lethal for the unwary cyclist.     路上的坑坑洼洼骑车的人一不小心就有致命危险.
The hot weather made me feel lethargic.     炎热的天气使我昏昏欲睡。
The same lethargy, I am afraid, characterizes the use of all our faculties and senses.     恐怕，同倦的懒散也成为利用我们所有的本能和感觉的特点。
example sentence not found
This word has five letters.     这个单词有五个字母。
Since you insist, I must amend the letter of credit.     既然你坚持，我就只好修改信用证。
example sentence not found
The lettering on the gravestone was badly worn and almost illegible.     墓碑上的文字已严重磨损难以辨认.
I got many letters of consolation when my mother died.     母亲死后，我收到许多安慰信。
I like to eat lettuce in summer, and so does my rabbit.     我喜欢夏天吃莴苣，我的兔子也喜欢。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A football field should be level.     足球场地应该平坦。
example sentence not found
Move this lever to change gear.     换档时扳动这根操纵杆。
The nation levied all able-bodied man for the war.     国家征召所有壮丁参战。
example sentence not found
A lexicon, vocabulary, or dictionary.     字典辞典、词汇或字典
example sentence not found
The remaining assets of a business after all liabilities have been deducted; net worth.     资产净值一个企业在扣除了所有的债务后所余资产；净值
The judge exempted them from all liability in these matters.     法官免除了他们在这些事上的所有责任和义务。
He was not liable for his son's debts.     他对自己儿子的债务没有责任偿还。
example sentence not found
He was a liar.     他是一个说谎者。
He returned from abroad with very liberal ideas.     他带着非常开明的思想从国外回来了。
Our army had liberated many occupied areas.     我们的军队解放了许多地区。
Agriculture in this country has developed greatly after liberation.     解放后这个国家的农业得到了巨大的发展。
Those prisoners are dreaming of liberty.     这些囚犯们梦想着获得自由。
The librarian told the student that he should return the book.     图书管理员告诉那个学生他该还书了。
I like to study in the library.     我喜欢在图书馆学习。
When does your driving licence expire?     你的驾驶执照何时到期?
The license shown by the troops when they entered enemy territory disgusted everyone.     那些部队进入敌人领土所表现出来的放肆令人厌恶。
The club is licensed to sell beer, wine and spirits.     该俱乐部获得了出售啤酒、葡萄酒和烈性酒的许可。
The kitty licked up the milk.     小猫舔光了牛奶。
She lifted the lid of the pot to add some salt.     她掀起锅盖加点盐。
Lies have short legs.     谎言总是站不住脚的。
He was promoted to lieutenant.     他被提升为陆军中尉/海军上尉。
You'll never see life if you stay at home forever.     如果你一直呆在家里，就永远不会有生活经验。
I believe he will be my lifelong friend.     我相信他会成为我一生的好友。
Accustomed to a position, custom, or lifestyle from or as if from birth.     天生就习惯习惯于一种地位、习俗或生活方式、或天生的或仿佛是天生的
I doubt if there will be a female president in this country in my lifetime.     我怀疑在我有生之年这个国家会不会出现一位女总统。
He pressed the button to call the lift.     他按键招呼电梯。
example sentence not found
The girl has a light hand for knitting.     这女孩手巧，精于编织。
The light bulb in the kitchen burnt out.     厨房里的电灯泡烧坏了。
example sentence not found
Her heart lightened when she heard the news.     听到这消息，她轻松了。
He asked me if I had a cigarette lighter with me.     他问我身上是否带着打火机。
example sentence not found
Showing or characterized by cheerfulness and lighthearted excitement; merry.     快乐的，愉快的表现出欢乐的、愉快的激动的，或具有其特征的；高兴的
The lighthouse flashes signals twice a minute.     灯塔每一分钟发出两次信号。
The stage lighting gives the effect of a moonlit scene.     舞台灯光产生月夜景色的效果.
He pressed lightly on the handle.     他轻轻按下手柄。
There were many flashes of lightning during the storm.     暴雨中出现了好多次闪电。
The lights were all full on.     灯火通明。
A lightweight canoe that is similar in construction.     小艇结构与爱斯基摩划子相似的重量轻的小舟
Genuine racial equality still seems light-years away.     真正的种族平等似乎仍遥遥无期.
example sentence not found
Friendly and agreeable in disposition; good-natured and likable.     温柔的性情友好亲切的；脾气好的，可爱的
Do you feel like a walk?     你想去散散步吗？
The quality or condition of being probable; likelihood.     可能性，或然性可能的性质或状况；可能性
I'm likely to be very busy tomorrow.     明天我可能很忙。
I have complained to my MP, and urge all ,like-minded people to do the same.     我已向议员提出不满的意见, 并努力敦促抱有共识的人采取同样行动.
Life can be likened to a journey with an unknown destination.     生命可以被比作一次不知目的地的旅行。
He is an enemy in the likeness of a friend.     他是个伪装成朋友的敌人。
Watch him and do likewise.     注意看着他然后照样做。
Personal taste or inclination; liking.     个人的品味和癖好；爱好
The lilacs are in flower.     丁香花开了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She has a faint Irish lilt.     她有点爱尔兰口音.
The pond is dotted with water lilies.     池塘里点缀着睡莲。
example sentence not found
The workers saw off a limb from the tree.     工人从树上锯下了一根大树枝。
The commander ordered the troops to limber up and move out.     指挥官下令把炮装上牵引车开出去。
Management kept her promotion in limbo for months.     有好几个月领导将她的升迁之事放置一边
He added some water into the lime.     他往石灰里加了些水。
When I was President, I was always in the limelight there was no privacy.     我当总统时一直为公众瞩目--谈不上私人的生活.
example sentence not found
We may burn limestone to obtain lime.     我们可以通过烧石灰石来得到石灰。
I'll help as much as I can, but there is a limit to what I can do.     我会尽力帮忙，但我所能做的也是有限度的。
He knows his limitations.     他知道自己的能力有限。
Aware of their limitations.     认识到他们的局限性
His intelligence is rather limited.     他的智力相当有限。
example sentence not found
Limitless authority; the limitless reaches of outer space.     无限的权力；对处外层空间的无限追踪
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A limousine carried us to the museum.     一辆小型巴士载我们到博物馆。
He walks with a limp.     他走路一瘸一拐。
The dog clung like a limpet to the thief.     那条狗死死缠住小偷不放。
He bathed in many a limpid stream.     他在许多清澈的溪流中沐浴。
President Lincoln was born poor.     林肯总统出身贫寒。
Linda is cooking.     琳达在烹饪。
He sat under the linden to take a break.     他坐在菩提树下休息。
Hang the clothes on the line.     把衣服晾在绳子上。
A pair of horizontal parallel lines drawn across a shield.     盾形纹章上的横条纹画在盾形纹章上的两条水平的平行线
Direct descent from an ancestor; lineage or pedigree.     家系从一个祖先传下来的直接世系；家系或家族
example sentence not found
A linear measure equal to5.50 yards or16.5 feet(5.03 meters); a rod.     杆一种长度量单位，等于5。50码或16。5英尺（5。03米）；一杆
example sentence not found
A new or substitute offensive play called by the quarterback or a defensive formation called by a linebacker at the line of scrimmage as an adjustment to the opposing side's formation.     改变打法一种在橄榄球争球线上作为就对方阵势的调整，由四分卫发令的新的或替代进攻打法，或由后卫发令的防守阵势
I want to buy a new bed linen.     我想买一个新床单。
Hundreds died when the liner went down.     班轮沉没时，有数百人罹难。
Actors often mutter to themselves when rehearsing their lines.     演员背台词的时候经常自己嘀嘀咕咕。
example sentence not found
The beautiful melody is lingering in my mind.     美妙的音乐在我心中回荡。
The beautiful melody is lingering in my mind.     美妙的音乐在我心中回荡。
Swahili is the principal lingua franca in East Africa.     东非的主要交际语是斯瓦希里语.
example sentence not found
A good dictionary is the handmaid of the linguist.     一部好字典封语言学家的帮助甚大。
A local linguistic feature.     方言地方语言现象
Literary studies have been cross-fertilized by new ideas in linguistics.     文学研究从语言学方面的新见解中受益良多.
A liniment or lotion.     一种涂抹油或洗液
He put on a coat with a fur lining.     他穿上一件有毛皮衬里的外衣。
Is there a link between smoking and lung disease?     吸烟与肺部疾病之间有关系吗？
An improper term to be avoided. This term is sometimes used to designate a logic element which performs a specific function or provides a linkage between variables.     这是一个应该避免使用的非正式术语。该术语有时用于一种逻辑元件，这种逻辑元件可以实现特定的功能或在变量之间提供链接。
example sentence not found
A linkup of two orbiting spacecraft.     轨道上两个太空飞行器的会合
Linoleum is made of canvas coated with linseed.     油毡是由涂有亚麻油的帆布做成的。
example sentence not found
Is linseed oil edible?     亚麻籽油可以食用吗？
example sentence not found
The soldier is as brave as a lion.     这个战士象狮子一样勇猛。
The lioness crouched ready to strike.     母狮低伏著身子准备攻击。
Marilyn wanted to be loved, not lionized.     玛里琳要的是爱而不是崇拜。
He kissed her on the lips.     他吻了她的嘴唇。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He kissed her on the lips.     他吻了她的嘴唇。
I have several lipsticks in my bag.     我的包里有好几支口红。
example sentence not found
Water is a liquid.     水是液体。
Hitler tried to liquidate the Jews in Germany.     希特勒试图全部消灭德国的犹太人。
The firm went into voluntary liquidation.     那家商号自动停业清算债务.
The company has good liquidity.     该公司的资产流动性好.
He appears to have drunk a lot of liquor.     他似乎喝得醉醺醺的。
He demonstrated his artistic talents by making a fair copy of the Mona Lisa.     他那幅蒙娜・丽莎的摹本表现了自己的艺术才能。
He lisped out his words.     他口齿不清地说出他的话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He wrote down his name on the list.     他将他的名字写在清单上。
I listened to their conversation.     我倾听他们的谈话。
Good evening to all our listeners!     各位听众，晚上好！
Many people prefer to be spectators, either by attending the games in person, or watching them on television, or listening to them on the radio.     许多人更喜欢当观众，或者亲自去比赛现场，或者从电视上观看比赛，或者从收音机上收听比赛。
He wrote down his name on the list.     他将他的名字写在清单上。
Packing one liter bottle15 bottle per carton.     包装：每瓶一公升，每箱15瓶。
Mass literacy was only possible after the invention of printing.     发明了印刷术后文化教育才得以普及。
A literal translation is not always the closest to the original meaning.     逐字翻译不一定最接近原义。
Idioms usually cannot be translated literally in another language.     成语通常不能照字面译成另一种语言。
He had a literary taste and was well read in science.     他有文学爱好，也熟谙科学。
Every literate person should read this book.     凡有文化的人都该一读此书.
Literature is a mirror of its time.     文学是时代的镜子。
example sentence not found
Our cat has a litter of four kittens.     我们家的猫一窝养了4只小猫。
Little does he care whether we live or die.     他一点也不管我们是死是活。
Where do you live?     你住在哪儿？
I like playing in the band, but I don't do it just for fun; it's my livelihood.     ＂我喜欢在乐队里演奏，但这不只是为了好玩，而是我的谋生之道。＂
He told a very lively story about his life in Africa.     他非常生动地讲述了他在非洲的生活。
The doctor says it's just a touch of liver.     医生说肝脏稍有些毛病。
In the severe winter of1947, farmers had to dig their livestock out of huge snowdrifts.     在1947年严峻的冬天，农民们不得不挖开大雪堆把他们的家畜救出来。
The quality of urban living has been damaged by excessive noise levels.     城市生活的质量已被过度的噪音所破坏。
Her grief is a heavy load to bear.     她心情沉重得难以忍受。
The truck was heavily loaded.     这辆卡车装载很重。
A short computer program that is permanently resident or easily loaded into a computer, whose execution brings another, larger program, such as an operating system or its loader, into memory.     一段短的计算机程序，它常驻计算机或很容易装入计算机中。引导程序的执行能把另一个较大的程序如操作系统或其装入程序引入到内存中。
A language processor thatcollectsmodules for loading and assigns their relative positions in storage;in a virtual storage system, a collector attempts to place object code in pages/segments in such a way as to minimize virtual storage interrupts during processing.     将程序模块“集中”起来装入且在存储器中分配其相对位置的语言处理器。在虚拟存储系统中，收集模块力图以最大限度地减少处理虚拟存储中断的方式将目标代码安排在页面或段中。
Don't loaf away your time.     别浪费你的时间。
She loaned her collection of paintings to the gallery.     她把自己收藏的画借给了美术馆。
He seemed somewhat loath to depart.     他似乎不愿离去。
Two brown loaves and one large white one, please.     请拿两个黑面包和一个大的白面包.
The anti-nuclear lobby is becoming stronger.     向议员游说的反核群众声势渐强。
example sentence not found
Lobsters turn scarlet when they are boiled.     龙虾在被煮熟的时候会变红。
I asked one of the locals which way to go.     我问了一位本地人，该走哪条路。
The director is looking for a suitable locale for his new film.     导演在为新片物色合适的拍摄场地。
There are several supermarkets in the locality.     这个地区有好几家超市。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
How is he regarded locally?     当地的人对他看法如何?
The company wished to locate its new factory beside the river.     这家公司希望把新工厂设在河边。
Greece is located in the south of Europe.     希腊位于欧洲南部。
The town is a good location for a young doctor.     这个小镇很适宜于一位青年医生安家。
In computer graphics, moving one or more segments on a display surface by translating it along a path determined by a locator.     计算机图形学中，在显示屏上移动一个或多个段，这种移动是通过将这些段沿着定位器确定的路径进行平移变换来实现的。
She locked her jewels in the safe.     她把自己的珠宝首饰都锁在保险箱里。
Luggage locker can be rented at the airport.     可在机场租用带锁的行李寄存柜。
Don't omit locking the door.     别忘了锁门。
example sentence not found
Lockup regularly occurs at seven o'clock.     夜间关门时间通常是在七点钟。
I stand towards her in loco parentis.     我对她代尽其父母亲的责任.
The steam locomotives were superseded by diesel units.     蒸汽机车已被柴油内燃机车所取代。
A plane curve formed by the locus of points equidistant from a fixed line and a fixed point not on the line.     抛物线到一固定直线和不在直线上某一固定点等距的点的轨迹所形成的平面曲线
The locust swarm has destroyed all the crops and vegetables.     蝗虫群毁坏了所有的庄稼和蔬菜。
He put the keys in the porter's lodge.     他把钥匙放在了传达室。
Where can we find lodgings for the night?     我们今天在哪找一寄宿处？
He has lofty ideals about life.     他对人生抱有崇高的理想。
Do you know how to log in to the system?     你知道怎么登录进入这个系统吗？
example sentence not found
It took two hours to complete the calculation, so we logged off at4 o'clock.     我们用了两个小时才计算完毕，因此我们在4点钟结束了工作。
The data logger device has been fitted to ship's engine room.     数字记录仪装置已安装在船只的机舱里。
The pilot had logged over 200 hours in the air.     这个飞行员的飞行记录在200小时以上.
I didn't follow her logic.     我不理解她的逻辑。
Is it a logical necessity that higher wages will lead to higher prices?     工资一高物价就高, 这是不是合乎逻辑的必然规律?
example sentence not found
In addition, delphi2.0 make it easy for customer to create application to meet the requirement to get the window95 logo.     另外，为了满足得到Windows95徽标的要求，Delphi2。0使客户创建应用程序更加简便。
Next time don't loll out your tongue out.     下次可别伸出舌头来嘲笑人了。
Did you come to London for the purpose of seeing your family, or for business purposes?     你到伦敦来的目的是为了要看望家人还是为了公事？
Loneliness in a gloomy raining day may be unbearable to him.     对他来说，阴郁的雨天的寂寞是难以忍受的。
She feels rather lonely in the strange town.     在这座陌生的城市里，她感到很寂寞。
He spent a lonesome evening at home.     他在家里度过了一个寂寞的夜晚。
She was slender and had long dark hair.     她身材苗条，有一头长长的黑发。
It cost me 10 but I'll knock off 20% as it's no longer new.     那是我花10英镑买的, 因为已经旧了我减价20%.
His longevity vexed his heirs.     他的长寿令他的继承人们不快
The lonely child is longing for the caress of his mother.     这个孤独的孩子渴望母亲的爱抚。
The town is at longitude 24 degrees east.     这个镇位于东经二十四度。
He looks nervous.     他看上去很紧张。
She's infatuated by his good looks.     她迷恋上他那俊俏的外貌了.
The convention looms as political battle.     这场大会将是一场政治角斗。
Her wavy hair fell in loose wisps and loops upon her shoulders.     她那一头波浪般的长发一簇簇一圈圈地散垂在肩上。
The wine loosed his tongue.     酒把他的话匣子给打开了。
Loosely, a mathematical or logic operator.     不严格地说，一种数学或逻辑运算符。
I loosened my tie, but I didn't take it off.     我松开了领带，但是没有把它解下来。
I couldn't understand what the man was saying; he was as drunk as a lord.     我听不懂那个人在说些什么，他烂醉如泥。
They use a lorry to carry coals.     他们用卡车运煤。
I lost my wallet yesterday.     我昨天丢了钱包。
The loss of her purse caused her much inconvenience.     丢失钱包给她带来了诸多不便。
She looked out of the window, sighing for her lost youth.     她看着窗外，为她失去的青春而惋惜。
They drew lots to decide which of them should go first.     他们以抓阄来决定谁先去。
The girls were nothing loth, for the house was splendid, and the welcome kind enough.     姑娘们很愉快，因为房子很是华丽的，而且接待是相当热情。
She had the prize-winning lottery ticket.     她抽到了得奖的彩票.
Don't talk so loud.     别那么大声地说话。
The act or an instance of gradually diminishing in brightness, loudness, or strength until actual disappearance occurs.     逐渐消失在亮度、响度或精力上逐渐减弱直至全部消失的活动或例子
The police addressed the crowd through a loudspeaker on their car.     警察通过他们汽车上的喇叭向人群喊话。
Don't lounge around all day: do something!     别整天闲逛，做点事情吧！
She is a very lovable girl.     她是一个非常可爱的女孩。
Her love for him never waved.     她对他的爱从未动摇过。
She is a lovely girl.     她是一个漂亮的女孩。
They met in May and became lovers soon after.     他们在五月份相遇，不久就成为了情侣。
There was a low murmur of conversation in the hall.     大厅里有窃窃私语声。
The deer lowered its head to drink from the pond.     鹿低下头去喝池塘里的水。
example sentence not found
We got estimates from three different contractors before accepting the lowest.     我们得到三个承包商的报价後, 接受了价钱最低的.
The soldiers are loyal to their country.     士兵们忠于他们的国家。
Once he took the vow his loyalty never wavered.     他一旦宣了誓，他就一直忠贞不渝。
If you never bother to lubricate your engine, of course it will seize up.     如果你老是怕麻烦，不给发动机添加润滑油，发动机当然会失灵卡住啦。
example sentence not found
I made a lucid explanation to them.     我向他们做了明白的解释。
You never know your luck.     你也许会走运的。
You are lucky to be alive after being in that accident.     你真幸运，经过那场车祸还能生还。
A lucrative income; a lucrative marketing strategy.     一笔利润收入；一套赢利的市场策略
He made many ludicrous mistakes in his speech.     他的演讲中有许多可笑的错误。
He put his bag on the luggage rack.     他把包放在行李架上。
Gave only lukewarm support to the incumbent candidate.     给在位的候选人不冷不热的支持
During the night the wind lulled.     夜里，风停了。
The old car lumbered up the hill.     那辆旧车摇摇晃晃地开上了小山。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There are many luminous road signs along the roads.     沿着路有许多夜光路标。
The oatmeal lumps if you don't stir it well.     如果你不好好搅拌，麦片粥会结块。
It's sheer lunacy driving in this weather.     天气这麽坏还开车, 简直是疯了.
It was reported that there would be a lunar eclipse tomorrow evening.     据报道说，明天晚上有月食。
A month, especially a lunar month.     太阴月一个月，尤指阴历的月
The lunatic fringe are ignored by most members of the party.     绝大部分党员对极端分子不予理睬。
Have you had your lunch?     吃过午饭了吗？
We were invited to a formal luncheon.     我们被邀参加一次正式的午宴。
He spent the whole lunchtime telling this interminable shaggy dog story about an actress and a bishop.     整个午餐时间，他都在滔滔不绝地讲一名女演员和一名主教之间滑稽的故事。
That opera singer has good lungs.     那位歌剧演员声音宏亮。
She lunged out with a knife.     她持刀猛冲过去.
The bandit catch Bill, and Tom leave him in the lurch.     歹徒抓住了比尔，而汤姆却把他弃之不顾。
He left home because of the lures of the life in the city.     由于受到城市生活的诱或，他离开了家。
The papers gave the lurid details of the murder.     ＂报纸上描述了谋杀案的详情，令人毛骨悚然。＂
The thief lurked in the shadows.     小偷在阴暗处躲着。
She is a luscious blonde.     她是个迷人的金发女郎。
Lush atmospheric touches in every room.     每个房间都充满朦胧的艺术美
She is like a child lusting for toys.     她像一个渴望玩具的小孩。
Having a luster resembling that of pearls.     珠母般的具有珍珠般的光泽的
Inciting lustful feelings; lewd.     猥亵的引起欲望的；淫猥的
His deeds add much lustre to his reputation.     他的行为使他声誉大增。
The soft, thick, lustrous fur of this animal.     貂皮这种动物的柔软、浓密且有光泽的毛皮
He has a strong and lusty son.     他有一个体格健壮精力充沛的儿子。
Don't explain it to him; it's only playing the lute to a cow.     别向他解释，那只是对牛弹琴。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There is luxuriant tropical vegetation in our country.     我们国家有很多繁茂的热带植物。
The lady appeared with a luxurious fur coat.     那位夫人穿着华贵的毛皮外套来了。
A long hot bath can be pure luxury.     洗个痛快的热水澡可真是一种至高的享受。
example sentence not found
And now the scene shifts to the warehouse, where the murderer is lying in wait.     现在场景转到仓库，行凶者正埋伏在那里伺机行动。
I've got an inflammation of lymph.     我的淋巴发炎了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Lyres were played by the ancient Greeks.     古希腊人弹奏七弦琴。
example sentence not found
He wrote a lyric poem.     他写了一首抒情诗。
She started to become/wax lyrical about health food.     她对保健食品极为讲究了.
example sentence not found
Mr Sharp who works out of the country-music tradition, is a gifted lyricist who does something good in every second song.     基于乡村音乐进行创作的夏普先生是一位很有天才的歌词作者，他在许多歌曲中都做出好成绩。
He is a fine writer of lyrics.     他是个优秀的抒情诗作家。
In English, b, p, m and w are bilabials.     英语中的b、p、m、w为双唇音.
Shall we go to the cinema, ma?     我们去看电影吗，妈妈？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Her friends egged on Mabel to spend money to show off.     梅布尔的朋友们怂恿她花钱摆阔气。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I'm going to make sure if I'm going to Macao.     我要拿定主意我是否去澳门。
Here you can see two workers who, between them, have just finished cutting three cart-loads of golden brown macaroni stalks.     这里您可以看到两名工人，他们刚刚割好三大马车金黄色的通心粉小麦杆。
example sentence not found
Prime minister of Canada(1858-1862) who served jointly with Sir John Macdonald. He persuaded French Canadians to accept Canada's confederation(1867).     卡特尔，雅克1491－1557法国探险家，于1535年在圣・劳伦斯河上航行，并宣布此地归法国所有
The mayor has a mace which is held as a sign of authority.     市长的权杖是权威的象征。
example sentence not found
From the drawer Mr Mach took out a chain, with a bunch of keys dangling at its end.     马赫先生从抽屉里拿出一条链子，链子一头挂着一串钥匙。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My mother-in-law has a sewing machine.     我婆婆有一台缝纫机。
Machine guns opened up from a concealed position.     机关枪从隐蔽的阵地开始射击。
The process whereby a digital computer translates the instructions of a program written in a high-level language into their machine language equivalents.     数字计算机借此把高级语言编写的程序中的指令翻译成与其等价的机器语言程序的处理过程。
We have no machinery for dealing with complaints.     我们没有处理投诉的机构。
example sentence not found
Every week I invest a pound on the football pools. It's a sprat to catch a mackerel because one day I could win a million.     每星期我花一英镑赌足球普尔，这完全是一种小小冒险以求大利的行动，因为可能有一天我会赢100万。
Your mackintosh looks better belted.     你的雨衣系上带子更好看.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She was almost mad with grief when her son died.     她的儿子死去时，她悲伤得几乎疯了。
This way please, madam.     这边请，夫人。
Madame Cartier; Madame Jacqueline Cartier.     卡蒂埃夫人；杰奎琳・卡蒂埃夫人
The delays maddened him.     一再的延误让他生气。
Her oscillations in mood are maddening.     她喜怒无常能把人气疯。
They must think you are a madman if you tell them you want to cross the Pacific on a raft.     如果你告诉他们你要乘木筏横渡太平洋，他们一定会认为你是个疯子。
It would be madness to try to climb the mountain in such a snowstorm.     想在这样大的暴风雪中去爬山简直是疯狂。
I bought the magazines on my way home.     在回家的路上，我买了一些杂志。
The magician thrilled his audience with his feats of magic.     魔术师用他的魔术技艺使观众们激动。
It's a magical story.     这是个神奇的故事。
I like watching the performance of that magician.     我喜欢看那个魔术师的表演。
He worked as a magistrate after graduation.     他毕业后任地方行政长官。
He is a magnanimous person.     他是个宽宏大量的人。
A multimillionaire media magnate has shocked his employees with his candor by telling them all that he's putting his business affairs on hold to enter an alcoholism-counseling program.     一位身份数百万的媒体大亨，坦诚地告诉他全体员工他将暂时搁置他的事业以便参加戒酒班，令员工大为惊愕。
A glass bulb filled with finely shredded aluminum or magnesium foil that is ignited by electricity to produce a short-duration high-intensity light flash for taking photographs.     闪光泡一种内部装有铝箔或镁箔的精细碎片的玻璃灯泡，用电点燃以发出短暂的高强度闪光，从而拍摄照片
Forbidden City is a great magnet for foreign tourists.     紫禁城对外国旅游者来说是个有巨大吸引力的地方。
She has a magnetic personality.     她具有极具吸引力的性格。
He persuaded them to join him by the sheer magnetism of his personality.     他完全是靠个人的魅力，说服他们和他在一起干。
A photograph requiring magnification for viewing.     微型照片放大后才看得清楚的照片
What a magnificent future!     多么美好的未来啊！
The microscope magnified the object 100 times.     这台显微镜将物体放大了100倍。
The magnitude of the epidemic was frightening.     这种流行病传播范围之广令人惶惶不安。
Her maid helped her to dress up for the party.     她的女仆帮助她穿上参加晚会的礼服。
Several maidens were invited to attend her wedding.     好几个少女被邀请去参加她的婚礼。
I went to the post office to mail the letters.     我去邮局寄信。
The workers sort the mail from the mailbox.     工作人员从邮箱中分拣邮件。
A cardboard book mailer.     一个供寄书用的硬纸筒
She survived the accident but she was maimed for life and will never walk again.     她在意外事故中大难不死，但却终身残废，再也不能行走了。
I turned the gas off at the mains before I went out.     我出门之前，把煤气的总阀关掉了。
These terminals are connected to our mainframe computer.     这些终端设备都和我们的计算机主机相连。
There are many interested animals in the mainland.     在这块大陆上有很多有趣的动物。
example sentence not found
His money comes mainly from salary.     他的钱主要来自工资。
example sentence not found
Part of my job is to maintain good relationship with our suppliers.     我的部分工作是同我们的供应商保持良好的关系。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He had to work hard for the maintenance of his family.     他为了养家不得不去拼命工作。
Maize is widely planted in the America.     玉米在美洲广泛种植。
The majestic Rocky Mountains were covered with snow.     巍峨的落矶山上覆盖着白雪。
Their Majesty will open the new bridge today.     国王和王后陛下今天将为新桥通车典礼剪彩。
We have encountered major problems.     我们已遇到重大的问题。
The majority of people seem to prefer TV to radio.     多数人喜欢电视胜过广播。
The news made her happy.     这消息使她高兴。
example sentence not found
Who is the policy maker in this company?     这家公司里谁是决策者？
A crude or makeshift dwelling or shelter; a shack.     简陋小屋，茅屋粗糙的临时住房或隐蔽处；棚屋
For the beautiful girl to use makeup would be to gild the lily.     漂亮的姑娘加上化装，是锦上添花。
When it comes to making friends, you cannot be too careful.     一谈到交朋友，你再怎么小心也不为过。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His handling of the negotiations was maladroit.     他的谈判技巧十分拙劣.
Violent crime is only one of the maladies afflicting modern society.     暴力犯罪仅仅是危害社会的弊病之一。
You can see signs of (a creeping) malaise in our office.     在我们办公室里可以看到有某种（令人不寒而栗的）不安迹象.
example sentence not found
The boy had a bad attack of malaria.     那个男孩得了严重的疟疾。
A dialect of Malay that is the official language of Indonesia.     印尼语马来语的一种方言，被指定为印度尼西亚的官方语言
We imported raw rubber from Malaysia.     我们从马来西亚进口生胶。
example sentence not found
All the trouble is being caused by a handful of malcontents.     这些是非都是由一小撮不满分子搬弄的.
All the trouble is being caused by a handful of malcontents.     这些是非都是由一小撮不满分子搬弄的.
The male is physically stronger than the female.     男性在身体上要比女性强壮。
example sentence not found
Malefactors will be pursued and punished.     作恶的人要予以究治.
Having or showing malice or ill will; malevolent.     恶意的具有或表现出恶意或不良愿望的；含有恶意的
Pertaining to the detection and isolation of a malfunction or mistake.     用于修饰或说明与故障或错误的检测和隔离有关的特性。
example sentence not found
She certainly bears you no malice.     她对你的确并无恶意。
He cares nothing about the malicious attack on his reputation.     他对别人对他名声的恶毒攻击置之不理。
A malign tumour was found in his stomach.     在他的胃部发现了一个恶性肿瘤。　
example sentence not found
The tumour is not malignant.     这个瘤不是恶性的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Helen has finally sued her malingering husband for divorce, but I think she did it more in sorrow than in anger.     海伦终于与她那个托病开小差的丈夫打官司要求离婚，不过我觉得，她这样做更多的是悲哀而不是愤恨。
A parade of strollers on the mall.     在购物中心的一群游逛者
Any of a breed of common domestic ducks descended from and resembling the mallard.     鲁昂鸭一种与绿头鸭相似并是其后代的普通家养鸭
example sentence not found
The young are more malleable than the old.     年轻人比老年人容易受影响.
A small mallet used by auctioneers.     拍卖锤拍卖者所用的小锤
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Various malpractices by police officers were brought to light by the enquiry.     警察的各种不法行为经调查已揭露出来.
Would you like a cup of malt whisky?     你想喝杯麦芽威士忌吗？
example sentence not found
The baby cried for his mama.     孩子哭着要妈妈。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Monkeys and dogs are mammals.     猴子和狗都是哺乳动物。
The report is on mammalian thermoregulation.     那份报告是有关哺乳动物的体温调节。
Monkeys and dogs are mammals.     猴子和狗都是哺乳动物。
A mammoth is a large hairy type of elephant in ancient times.     猛犸是古代一种身体庞大、长着长毛的大象。
Man is mortal.     人都是会死的。
example sentence not found
I finally managed to find the book I was looking for.     我终于找到了一直在找的书。
We are trying to reduce the problem to manageable proportions.     我们正努力把问题缩小到可以控制的范围内。
She gets them to accept these changes by tactful management.     她用机智的手段使他们接受了这些改变。
Our manager is very strict with us.     我们的经理对我们要求很严格。
Responsible managerial position in human resources.     人力资源方面负责管理的职务。
A trustee is a member of managing business affairs of an institution.     理事是机构管理班子中的成员。
example sentence not found
Manchester United beat Celtic in a friendly.     曼彻斯特联队在一场友谊比赛中击败了凯尔特队。
Of course I can speak Mandarin.     中国话我自然会说。
Our election victory has given us a mandate to reform the economy.     我们在选举获胜, 这就使我们有权进行经济改革.
It's mandatory to pay taxes.     缴税是义务性的。
example sentence not found
He combed his house's mane tidy.     他把他的马的鬃毛梳理整齐。
A maneuver, stratagem, or ploy, especially one used at an initial stage.     策略尤指人在开始阶段所采用的计谋、策略、手法
He made manful efforts to move the heavy furniture.     他作出勇敢的努力搬动沉重的家具。
A mixture of black manganese oxide minerals.     硬锰矿一种黑色氧化锰矿的混合物
He put some grass in the manger.     他在食槽里放了些草。
The symphony was dreadfully mangled.     那首交响乐曲给糟蹋得不成样子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I have an apartment in downtown Manhattan.     我在曼哈顿中心区有一套住房。
His son has grown into manhood.     他的儿子已成年了。
example sentence not found
A raving maniac.     一个胡言乱语的疯子
He's maniacal about sex.     他性欲旺盛.
This riot is only one manifestation of people's discontent.     这骚乱仅仅是人们不满的一种表露而已。
This riot is only one manifestation of people's discontent.     这骚乱仅仅是人们不满的一种表露而已。
example sentence not found
The uses of this machine are manifold.     这台机器有多种用途。
A clever politician know how to manipulate public opinion.     聪明的政客知道如何操纵公众舆论。
The complete operation performed on data.It includes steps of origination, input, manipulation, output and storage.     对数据项的一次完整操作。它包括生成、输入、处理、输出以及存储。
example sentence not found
Mankind learns its first language in early childhood.     人类是在幼年开始学习第一种语言的。
He looks very manly in his uniform.     他穿着制服十分精神。
It is bad manners to interrupt.     打断别人说话是不礼貌的。
It is bad manners to interrupt.     打断别人说话是不礼貌的。
A rapid manoeuvre by the driver prevented an accident.     司机动作迅速而熟练因此避免了一场事故.
The system puts the firm at a disadvantage because of its overmuch manpower.     由于过剩的人力, 这一体制使公司处境不利。
He lives in Victoria Mansions.     他住在维多利亚公寓。
example sentence not found
Snow mantled the hills.     雪覆盖着丘陵。
A maintenance manual gives diagrams and instructions for repairing your car.     维修手册向您提供修理汽车所需的图表和说明。
An apparatus used for hoisting weights, consisting of a vertical spool-shaped cylinder that is rotated manually or by machine and around which a cable is wound.     绞盘，卷扬机一种用于吊起重物的装置。该装置包括一垂直的线轴形圆筒，由人力或机器使之旋转，在其周围绕有钢丝绳
This firm manufactures cars.     这家公司大量生产汽车。
She manufactured a false story to hide the facts.     她编 造瞎话以掩盖事实.
Where is the manufacturer of the machine?     这台机器的制造商在哪？
Manufacturing industry was worst affected by the fuel shortage.     由於燃料短缺受到影响, 制造业首当其冲.
You should put some manure on your land.     你应该给地里施些粪肥。
I read his novel in manuscript.     我看过他小说的手稿。
How many students are there in your class?     你们班有多少个学生？
There is a map of the world on the wall.     墙上有张世界地图。
The maple leaf is the emblem of Canada.     枫叶是加拿大的象征。
The province boundaries are marked in with a fine mapping pen.     省区界限是用很细的绘图笔加画在地图上的。
Age cannot mar her beauty.     岁月无损于她的美貌。
Towards the end of the marathon several runners showed signs of distress.     马拉松赛接近终点时, 有些参赛者显出极难受的样子.
My little son has many marbles.     我的小儿子有许多弹珠。
The troops marched on.     部队继续前进。
He beat the other runners by a margin of ten seconds.     他比其他运动员早10秒钟到达终点。
The marginal strip of beach; a marginal issue that had no bearing on the election results.     边缘细长的海滩；和选举结果没有多大关系的边缘问题
The rocks are covered by marine plants.     岩石被海生植物所覆盖。
There are more than 50 mariners on this ship.     船上有五十多名水手。
Both partners now resent your interference; that's what you get when you fish in the troubled waters of marital strife.     现在两方面都对你的干预不满，那是对你的婚姻冲突中趁火打劫的报应。
England was a great maritime power.     英国曾是海上的强国。
The road we should take is marked on the map.     我们要走的路已经标在地图上了。
example sentence not found
The man could not explain away the gun and the marked money from the bank robbery that the police found in his ear.     这个人未能解释清楚警察在他车上发现的枪以及从银行抢劫来的带有记号的钱。
A stone placed over a grave as a marker; a tombstone.     墓碑，墓石置于坟墓上作为记号的石头；墓石
The sales manager wants to open up new markets in the Far East.     销售经理想在远东开辟新市场。
A marketable product; marketable skills.     可出售的产品；市场所需的技术
Ultimately, the success of the product depends on the good marketing.     最终，产品的成功还是取决于高明的销售手段。
Companies must be able to compete in the marketplace.     公司一定要在市场中有竞争力。
He accused his teacher of unfair marking.     他指责教师打分不公平。
example sentence not found
Pirates used to maroon people on desert islands.     海盗过去惯常把人们遗弃在荒岛。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He was conferred marquis by the king.     他被国王册封为侯爵。
This is his second marriage.     这是他第二次结婚。
Being married and therefore protected by one's husband.     已婚的已经结婚因而受到其丈夫保护的
It was so cold that he felt frozen to the marrow.     天气太冷了，他感到寒冷刺骨。
She married money.     她嫁给了一个有钱人。
Mars is the fourth planet in order from the sun.     火星是太阳系的第四颗行星。
example sentence not found
It's dangerous to be alone in the marsh.     一个人在沼泽地里是很危险的。
He was an Air Marshal before retirement.     他退休前是空军中将。
One day in1848 a carpenter named Marshall, noticed some bright yellow particles in the water, bent down to pick them up and took them to his partner, Mr. Sutter.     1848年的一天，―位名叫马歇尔的木匠看到水中一些浅黄色的颗粒。他弯腰拾起并把颗粒拿给他的伙伴萨特。
A tract of marshland, usually under water and covered in places with tall grass.     沼泽地沼泽地带，常被水漫过并被较高的草所覆盖
example sentence not found
Having the nature of a fen; marshy.     有沼泽特征的；多沼泽地的
Pouches are a peculiarity of marsupials.     腹袋是有袋动物的特色。
New York is an international mart for stocks and shares.     纽约是国际证券与股票的交易中心。
We should always remember that Japan is a martial nation.     我们应该始终牢记日本是一个好战的国家。
Any of12 levels of proficiency at the grade of black belt in martial arts such as judo and karate.     段在东方武术中，黑腰带的级别精通达12级中的任一级，如柔道和空手道
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Martin Luther King made many adversaries in his nonviolent quest for equality.     马丁・路德・金在以非暴力手段寻求平等的过程中树立了许多敌人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is a martyr of his country.     他为国捐躯。
Italian painter. With his command of perspective, light, color, and composition, he produced a large body of secular and ecclesiastical works, including The Banquet of Cleopatra and The Martyrdom of Saint Agatha(both1750).     泰波罗，乔瓦尼・巴蒂斯特1696－1770意大利画家，他对透视、光线、色彩和构图有杰出的掌握，创作了一大批世俗和宗教作品，其中有克利奥帕特拉的宴会和圣阿加莎的殉道（同为1750年）
It was a real marvel that the baby was unhurt when he fell from the fifth floor.     那婴儿从五楼摔下来竟没受伤真是一个奇迹。
Their performance was marvellous.     他们的演出太精彩了。
Their performance was marvelous.     他们的演出太精彩了。
example sentence not found
You must be an illiterate if you've never heard of Marx.     要是连马克思也没听说过，那你一定是个文盲。
I believe in Marxism.     我相信马克思主义。
She's a convinced Marxist, Buddhist, etc.     她是坚定的马克思主义者、 佛教徒等.
Have you heard from Mary?     你收到玛丽的来信吗？
A member of the lower house of the legislature of colonial Virginia or Maryland.     殖民地弗吉尼亚州或马里兰州的立法机关下议院议员
This coat is masculine.     这件外衣是男式的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He mashed up the potatoes with a spoon.     他用一把勺子把马铃薯捣成糊状。
I mashed my hand in the door.     我的手被门压伤。
They did so under the mask of charity.     他们是打着慈善的幌子这么做的。
The masked man startled the woman out of her wits when she went to her room.     这个女人回到房间时戴面具的人快把她给吓死了。
He put masking tape round the edges of the glass while he painted the window frame.     他给窗框上漆时，用遮蔽胶带把玻璃边缘贴住。
He asked the mason to make him a tombstone.     他要求这个石匠给他做一块墓碑。
I was hurt by a piece of falling masonry.     我被掉下来的一块建筑用石块砸伤。
We want to join in the masquerade.     我们想去参加化装舞会。
A great mass of rock had fallen from the cliff and now blocked the road.     一大堆岩石从悬崖上掉了下来，堵塞了道路。
Soon the car will go into mass production.     这种小汽车不久即可投入批量生产。
A town of southeast Massachusetts southwest of Brockton. It was settled in1694. Population, 16,623.     伊斯顿美国马萨诸塞州东南一城镇，位于布罗克顿西南部。1694年开始有人居住。人口16，623
The press has reported the massacre of thousands of people for their religious beliefs.     新闻界报道了那场因宗教信仰原因而对千万人的大屠杀。
She is having a facial massage.     她正做脸部按摩。
example sentence not found
The soldier suffered a massive haemorrhage and died soon after.     那个战士经受了大量出血的痛苦，不久便去世了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Flags were at half mast everywhere on the day of the president's funeral.     总统葬礼那天，全国到处降半旗致哀。
example sentence not found
It's not easy to master a foreign language.     掌握一门外语并不容易。
example sentence not found
In optical recording, refers to the areas of the data tracks which are between the pits. These are typically the areas not touched by the recording laser beam during mastering.     在光记录技术中，指光道上两个凹槽之间的区域。在制作母盘时记录激光束不照射这些区域。参阅pit。
The mastermind behind the scheme is executed after a brief trial.     阴谋的幕后策划者经过简短审讯便被处决了。
This book is his masterpiece.     这本书是他的杰作。
example sentence not found
Which side will get the mastery?     哪一方将获得控制权？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He wiped his dirty boots on the mat before entering the room.     他在进屋前把脏靴子在门垫子上擦了擦。
The bull forgot all about the matador and ran at the drunk who had wandered into the middle of the ring during a bullfight.     公牛全然不顾斗牛士，向斗牛场中央的醉汉冲去，他是在斗牛比赛中糊里糊涂走进去的。
Our team has won the football match.     我们队赢得了足球赛。
example sentence not found
The ordinal number matching the number50 in a series.     第五十在一系列中排于第50的序数
Her matchless beauty is beyond description.     她那旷世无双的美貌无法形容。
The male hunts for food while his mate guards the nest.     雌性动物守巢时，雄性动物猎食。
The storm did a great deal of material damage.     暴风雨造成了大量物质损失。
example sentence not found
The threatened strike never materialized.     扬言要举行罢工, 却从未付诸行动.
This isn't materially different from the old system.     这和旧制度并无很大不同.
The factory is in frequent scarcity of raw materials.     这个工厂经常原料不足。
A governmental establishment for the storing, development, manufacturing, testing, or repairing of arms, ammunition, and other war materiel.     军火库政府管辖的负责储存，发展，生产，试验或修理武器，弹药以及其他战备物资的机构
My maternal grandfather is coming.     我的外祖父要来了。
example sentence not found
Don't get too matey with him he's a rogue.     别和他太亲近了--他是个无赖.
The boy is good at math.     这个男孩数学学的很好。
He is a mathematical genius.     他是一个数学天才。
A quantum number, either+1(even) or-1(odd), that mathematically describes this property.     量子数的均衡从数学含义来描述对称性的量子数＋1（偶）或－1（奇）
That famous mathematician passed away yesterday.     昨天，那位著名的数学家去世了。
I am not good at mathematics.     我的数学不太好。
She majored in maths and physics at university.     她在大学期间主修数学和物理。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A term sometimes applied to a stylus in a thermal matrix printer.     有时用来指热敏点阵打印机的触针的一个术语。
The matron told me not to worry about the operation.     护士长告诉我不要为手术担心。
example sentence not found
I don't talk with my boss about my private matters.     我不和我的老板谈私事。
example sentence not found
She told us the news in a very ,matter-of-fact way.     她把那消息平铺直叙地告诉了我们.
I'll go to buy a new mattress for my bed.     我要去给我的床买个新床垫。
Cessation of normal growth, especially of an organ or other body part, prior to full development or maturation.     败育中止正常成长，尤其是在一器官或身体其他部分完全发育或成熟以前
She matured her novel by constant revision.     她不断修改自己的小说以使其趋于完善。
Teenage is the period at which the body reaches maturity.     青少年是身体成熟期。
He always becomes maudlin after he's had a few drinks.     他喝了几杯酒后总是变得多愁善感。
Her novel has been badly mauled by the critics.     她的小说横遭评论家抨击。
The drunk sat there maundering (on) about his troubles.     那醉鬼坐在那里唠叨著自己的烦恼事.
In that Club--more of a mausoleum, really--they'd look on a man in his forties as a mere slip of a boy.     那家俱乐部－－其实更像一座陵墓－－他们将四十多岁的男子只不过看做一个小男孩而已。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Politically, she's a bit of a maverick.     在政治方面, 她有点自行其是.
example sentence not found
Your host on tonight's show is Max Astor.     今晚表演节目的主持人是马克斯・阿斯特.
Waste not, want not is her favorite maxim.     “不浪费则不匮乏”是她特别喜爱的格言。
She obtained maximal benefit from the course.     她从该课程中获益极大.
We must maximize profits.     我们必须尽量增加利润.
The maximum load for this lorry is one ton.     这辆卡车最大载重量是一吨。
We may come at another time.     我们可以另找个时间来。
The celebration of May Day.     五朔节的欢庆活动
Maybe he is still at home.     可能他还在家里。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There was absolute mayhem when the cow got into the village hall.     那牛闯进村会议厅, 造成一片混乱.
Egg mayonnaise is made with mayonnaise and hard-boiled eggs.     鸡蛋美乃滋是用蛋黄酱和煮老的鸡蛋做成的.
The mayor made a speech at the opening.     市长在开幕式上发表了演说。
She was lost in the maze for several hours.     她在迷宫中迷了路，浪费了好几个小时。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He asked me if I would go fishing with him tomorrow.     他问我明天是否和他一起去钓鱼。
example sentence not found
He drank some mead at supper.     晚饭时他喝了一些蜂蜜酒。
There are many herds of cattle in the meadow.     牧场上有许多牛群。
He had to support his family with his meager income.     他只能靠微薄的收入来养家。
He had to support his family with his meagre income.     他只能靠微薄的收入来养家。
My father and I only meet at meals.     我父亲和我只在进餐时间相聚。
A group of people, usually soldiers or sailors, who regularly eat meals together.     共餐者，伙食团经常一块用膳的一群人，通常指士兵或水手
example sentence not found
The mean of 7,9 and 14 is 10.     7、9和14 的平均数是10。
The discussion meandered (on) for hours.     讨论会漫无边际地进行了几小时.
Can you explain the meaning of these foreign words?     你能解释这些外文词的意思吗？
She felt her works are meaningful when she saw the unaffected delight of the children.     当她看到孩子们自然流露出的喜悦时，她感到自己的工作很有意义。
example sentence not found
Inarticulate or meaningless talk or sounds.     含糊不清的声音口齿不清的或无意义的谈话、声音
example sentence not found
A good learner's dictionary should give both the meanings of the words and examples of the constructions in which they are used.     一本好的学生字典应该既提供词语的含义，又举出应用这些词语的例子。
The quickest means of travel is by plane.     最快的交通工具是飞机。
The racer meant to win the500-mile race at all hazards.     这位竞赛者决心不顾一切危险，赢得这场500英里的车赛。
You buy the fruits, in the meantime I'll cook breakfast.     你去买水果，同时我来做早餐。
Eve was cutting the grass, and meanwhile Adam was planting roses.     夏娃在剪草，亚当种玫瑰。
The child got measles.     那个孩子得了麻疹。
He gave us measly little portions of cake.     他给了我们少得可怜的一点蛋糕.
Measurable by a common standard; commensurable.     可用共同标准测量的；可共同测量的
The government has promised to take measures to help the unemployed.     政府已答应采取措施来帮助失业者。
The force of the wind is measured on a standard scale of 0-12.     风力是按0-12级标准等级测量的。
When did the first measurement of the speed of sound take?     第一次测量声速是在什么时候？
He measures 30 inches round the waist.     他的腰围是30英寸.
It's a clever speech, but there was no real meat in it.     这演说很动听，可是没什么内容。
example sentence not found
We met many pilgrims on their way to Mecca.     我们遇到许多去麦加朝圣的人。
That young man is a motor mechanic.     那个年轻人是一个汽车修理工。
He was asked the same question so many times that the answer became mechanical.     同样的问题人们向他问得太多了，所以他的答案也是千篇一律。
I'll be home early tonight, darling. That'll be nice,  she answered mechanically, and, as the door closed, added, I'll bet!      亲爱的，我今晚会早早回家的。那好极了，她机械地应了一声，就在门关上时又补了一句，我就算你会早回好了！
He has natural ability, but has yet to learn the mechanics of his chosen work.     他很有天分，但对选择的工作该怎样处理，他仍得好好学习。
The soldier told us where the firing mechanism of a rifle is.     那个士兵告诉我们哪儿是步枪的击发装置。
example sentence not found
We are mechanizing rapidly.     我们正在迅速机械化.
Lying in broad stretches, this land lends itself to mechanized farming.     这些土地都是一大片一大片的，适合机器耕作。
The soldier earned a medal for bravery.     这名战士因作战勇敢而获得了勋章。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Don't meddle with other men's business.     不要干涉别人的事情。
Get rid of that meddlesome fool!     让那个爱管闲事的家伙走开。
The media have a lot of power today.     现在大众传播媒介有很大的力量。
example sentence not found
He cooled the situation down by offering to mediate between the disputing parties.     他提出愿为争执的双方调停，情况因此缓和下来。
Mediation in a dispute.     调停调解争端
All proposals were rejected by the mediator.     所有的建议都被仲裁人驳回。
example sentence not found
I have to have a medical examination before going abroad.     出国前我必须进行体格检查。
example sentence not found
The infection is at last responding to medication.     药物治疗终于开始对感染显出效果。
He drinks this medical tea for medicinal purposes.     他为了治病而喝这种冲剂。
The best medicine for you now would be a good holiday.     目前对你来说，过一个愉快的假期就是一剂良药。
In times of drought, the members of the tribe would consult the medicine man in the belief he could make it rain.     在干旱季节，那些部落的人们总是请来巫师，相信他会使老天赐雨。
Knighthood was an ideal in medieval Europe.     在中世纪的欧洲，骑士是一种风范。
Of limited or average quality; mediocre.     平凡的，普通的有限的或一般的性质的；普通的
His plays are distinguished only by their stunning mediocrity.     他的戏剧与众不同之处就是平凡得出奇.
He meditates on his past life.     他沉思着过去的生活。
The act or process of meditating.     沉思，冥想沉思的行动或过程
He was buried in meditation.     他沉溺于沉思冥想。
You're very meditative today.     你今天总在沉思。
The straits of Gibraltar are the gate of the Mediterranean.     直布罗陀海峡是通向地中海的必经之路。
The capital and largest city of Libya, in the northwest part of the country on the Mediterranean Sea. Settled by Phoenicians from Tyre, it has Roman and Byzantine remains. Population, 858,500.     的黎波里利比亚的首都和第一大城市，位于利比亚的西北部，临地中海，最早是提尔的腓尼基人建立，该市保留有罗马的拜占庭式的古迹。人口858，500
Sound travels through the medium of air.     声音通过空气这一媒介传播。
A usually humorous medley.     幻想曲一段相当幽默的旋律
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She is as meek as a lamb.     她像小羊一样的温顺。
One who submits meekly to domination or mistreatment by others.     受气包逆来顺受的可怜虫，受屈辱的受气包
Meekness is a virtue he appreciates in his wife.     温顺是他所欣赏的妻子的优点之一。
I met him in the street.     我在街上遇到他。
Our meeting in Beijing was later than I expected.     我们在北京的会面比我们预想的要晚。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The dictator was suffering from megalomania.     那独裁者患有夸大狂.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
When he left, she sank into melancholy.     当他走后，她陷入沉思。
example sentence not found
After meld mother pulls the tablecloth over the table.     饭后，妈妈把桌布蒙在桌子上。
There was a scuffle and I lost my hat in the melee.     因发生一场斗殴, 我的帽子也在混乱中丢失了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
As they mature, many young radicals mellow into a more tolerant attitude towards life and society.     随着逐渐成熟，许多年轻的激进分子对 生活和社会渐持较为宽容的态度。
A form that is an altered version of a given theme, diverging from it by melodic ornamentation and by changes in harmony, rhythm, or key.     变奏曲一种给定主旋律的改编版，通过旋律的修饰和节奏或琴键的变化而从中分离出来
She plays a melodious cello.     她拉着一手悦耳的大提琴。
I love Victorian melodrama(s).     我喜爱维多利亚时代的情节剧.
A lurid, melodramatic, but accurate account of the accident.     关于这事件的一则轰动且耸人听闻但确切的报导
Next the melody is taken up by flutes.     这主调接着由长笛合奏。
He picked a melon from the field.     他从地里摘了一个甜瓜。
His heart melted when he saw the little girl crying.     看到这个小女孩哭起来，他的心软了。
Melting snow feeds the reservoirs.     融化的雪给水库提供了水
The scientist's discovery threw that old theory into the melting pot.     这个科学家的发现使那个旧理论成为无用之物。
He is a member of the Labor Party.     他是一名工党党员。
I must renew my membership of the sailing club.     我必须延续我的航海俱乐部会员资格。
A vibrating membrane in the ear helps to convey sounds to the brain.     耳膜的振动帮助声音传送到大脑。
A prize or memento, such as a cup or plaque, received as a symbol of victory, especially in sports.     奖品，奖杯（牌）尤指体育比赛中，作为胜利的象征而授予的奖品或纪念品，例如奖杯或奖牌
Here is the exchange memo.     这是兑换便笺。
She wrote a memoir of her stay in France.     她写了一篇旅法记事录.
example sentence not found
It was a memorable experience for me.     对我来说那是一次难忘的经历。
Let's give this memorandum the once-over.     让我们大略地看一下备忘录
He was often seen at funerals and memorials.     人们经常在葬礼和追悼会上见到他。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He memorized all the words on the list.     他把表上的所有单词都记在心里了。
I have a very poor memory.     我的记性很差。
example sentence not found
For weeks Jack vacillated between a home in Memphis and one in Little Rock.     把家安在孟菲斯还是安在小石城，杰克有好几个星期都拿不定主意。
Men, women and children are all human beings.     男人、女人和孩子都是人。
Your vicious dog is menacing my cat!     你那条恶狗对我家的猫太凶了！
Your vicious dog is menacing my cat!     你那条恶狗对我家的猫太凶了！
example sentence not found
It's never too late to mend.     改过不嫌迟。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
One who performs menial tasks for another.     仆人替别人做卑贱工作的人
A period of life characterized by physiological and psychic change that marks the end of the reproductive capacity of women and terminates with the completion of menopause.     绝经期，更年期生命的一个阶段，特征是标志妇女生殖能力终结及以停经完成为结束的生理、心理变化
Abnormally heavy or extended menstrual flow.     月经过多异常多或长时间的月经来潮
We should pay more attention to our mental health.     我们应该更注重心理健康。
He has many years' experience of the criminal mentality.     他研究犯罪心理有多年经验.
Emotionally or mentally depressed.     消沉的感情上或精神上受压抑的
You never mentioned that you are married.     你从没有提起过你已经结了婚了。
A priest who is one's spiritual mentor.     神父作为某人精神导师的神父
Is fish on the menu today?     今天的菜单上有鱼吗？
That guy thinks he's the cat's meow.     那个家伙认为自己最了不起啦。
example sentence not found
I was pleased to be able to buy a new Ford but my neighbour had to go one better and get a Mercedes.     我为能买一辆新福特牌车而高兴，不过我邻居更胜我筹，买了一辆梅塞德斯牌车。
His actions are entirely mercenary.     他的行为完全是为了钱。
Their merchandise is of high quality.     他们的货物质量很好。
example sentence not found
The fabrics are merchandised through a network of dealers.     通过经销网点销售纺织品.
He used to be a timber merchant.     他曾是一个木材商。
The merciful king saved him from death.     仁慈的国王免他一死。
The play was very bad, but mercifully it was also short!     那剧糟透了, 幸好还不算长!
His refusal was a merciless blow to us.     他的拒绝对我们是一个无情的打击。
She has a mercurial turn of conversation.     她谈话善转话锋.
The mercury is rising.     温度正在上升。
The king showed no mercy and killed all the prisoners.     这个国王没有宽容之心，杀死了所有的犯人。
Mr Smith indicted for the mercy killing of his incurable son.     史密斯先生被指控的罪名是他为了结束他那患不治之症的儿子的痛苦把他杀死了。
The merest little thing makes him nervous.     最微不足道的小事也会使他紧张。
I merely suggest you should do it again.     我只是建议你重新做这件事。
example sentence not found
The bank merged with its major rival.     该银行与其主要对手合并了。
There are rumours of an impending merger.     有谣传说是快要合并了.
He is at the meridian of life.     他正值壮年。
There is little merit in passing the examination if you cheated.     如果你作弊，考试及格也没什么价值。
Have you read the story of mermaids?     你看过关于美人鱼的故事吗？
Merry Christmas!     圣诞快乐！
He is mending the wire mesh in front of the chicken coop.     他正在鸡笼前面修理铁丝网。
The local economy is now in a mess.     当地的经济现在很混乱。
Christ's message was that God loved the world.     耶稣基督的启示就是神爱世人。
Maybe I can act as a messenger for you.     也许我能给你当信差。
A substance that destroys or inhibits the metabolic action of a vitamin.     抗维生素一种破坏或抑制维生素的新陈代谢功能的物质
The dosage was geared down to a level which would work on the infected cells but not upset their normal metabolism.     药量已被减低到某一水平，既足以对付受感染的细胞，又不会干扰正常的新陈代谢。
Our bodies constantly metabolize the food we eat.     我们吃的食物在体内不停分解产生代谢变化.
Copper and gold are both metals.     铜和金都是金属。
This is a kind of metallic paint.     这是一种有金属光泽的涂料。
example sentence not found
She has a striking originality in her use of metaphor.     她在运用隐喻方面有独创性。
example sentence not found
It is said that if you make a wish when you see a meteor in the sky your wish will be realized.     据说如果你在看见流星时许个愿，愿望就会实现。
The apparent celestial origin of a meteoric shower.     流星群的辐射点明显的流星雨太空光源
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Do you remember the reading on the meter?     你记得表上的读数吗？
New methods of teaching foreign languages are adopted in this institute.     该学院采用新的外语教学法。
The methodology of genetic studies; an opinion poll marred by faulty methodology.     遗传学研究的方法；被错误地损害了效果的观点调查
Meticulous Japanese planners have tried to control everything from the weather to left-wing radicals to make sure the last rites for the87-year-old monarch come off without a hitch.     无微不至负责筹划的日本人，已经试图掌握所有情况――从天气以至左翼极端分子――以确保87岁的天皇最后几个典礼圆满度过。
example sentence not found
He cut off a metre of cloth from the roll.     他从那卷布上剪下一米.
The metric-system is used in most countries over the world.     公制在世界上大多数国家使用。
She left the small island and became famous in metropolitan France.     她离开小岛而在法国的大都市中成名。
In the Alamo battle, less than two hundred defenders repulse the attack by thousands of Mexican in twelve days.     在阿拉摩战役中，不满二百人的守军在十二天内击退了几千墨西哥人一次又一次的进攻。
Mexico has a large surplus of oil.     墨西哥有大量过剩的石油。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A program or other coding sequence that produces a result of specified type and format(a macro generator;a microcode generator).     产生某种指定类型和格式的结果的程序或另一种编码序列（如“宏生成程序”、“微代码生成程序”）。
The system on the small-scale is called a microcomputer or minicomputer.     小规模的系统叫做微型计算机或小型计算机。
Man is a microcosm of the whole of mankind.     人是全人类的缩影.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Send the1990 correspondence to be microfilm or for microfilm.     把1990年的信函送去摄制成缩微胶卷。
example sentence not found
A minute life form; a microorganism, especially a bacterium that causes disease. Not in technical use.     微生物；细菌一种极小的生命形式，一种微生物，尤指引起疾病的细菌，不用于技术用语
The lecturer speaks through a microphone.     演讲者通过麦克风说话。
A term indicating machines, microprocessor, programs, or procedures that are designed or set apart for special or continued use.     用于描述为专门的或连续的使用而设计或设置的机器、微处理器、程序或过程。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He stained some slides and looked at them under the microscope.     他给几张载玻片上染了色，然后放到显微镜下观察。
We can't see microscopic creature with naked eyes.     我们不能用肉眼看到微生物。
example sentence not found
We're chipping away at a very dominant competitor where market share means a lot,  said Peter Higgins, a Microsoft product manager in charge of Excel.     微软公司（Microsoft）一位主管Excel的产品经理希金斯说：我们正逐渐地削弱一个首要的竞争者。在这一行业里市场占有率颇为重要。
They were pioneers in the field of microsurgery.     他们是显微外科学领域的创始人.
The pie is not very hot. Can you microwave it a bit more?     这个饼不是很热的，你再用微波炉加热一会好吗？
Two planes collided in mid air.     两架飞机在半空中相撞。
It's very hot in summer's midday.     夏天的中午非常热。
The man has reached middle age.     这人已到了中年。
She wants to buy direct from the manufacturer and cut out the middleman.     她想避开分销商直接自厂家买进货物.
Fair to middling, thanks.     还可以，谢谢。
Musical Instrument Digital Interface, or MIDI, is a communication interface provided on virtually every synthesizer made today.     音乐设备数字接口，或称MIDI，实际上是为目前制造的各种合成器提供的一种通信接口。
That shop closed at midnight.     那家商店营业到午夜十二点。
He was but recently in our midst.     他只是最近才到我们中间。
I thought it might be true.     我曾认为这可能是真的。
The United Kingdom was a mighty empire before World War I.     英联邦在第一次世界大战前曾是一个强大的帝国。
Migrant workers move from city to city in search of work.     流动工人为了寻找工作从一个城市移居到另一个城市。
Some tribes migrate with their cattle in search of fresh grass.     有些部落为了寻找新鲜的牧草而带着他们的牲畜迁移。
Seabirds will fly from here to another place for migration every year.     海鸟每年都要从一个地方迁徙到另一个地方。
This cheese is very mild.     这种奶酪味道清淡。
Those roses have been ruined by mildew.     那些玫瑰已经霉烂。
The chairman didn't act very sensibly, to put is mildly.     说得婉转些，主席的行为没有理智。
He has a 10-miles' drive each day to and from his work.     他每天上下班要开10哩的车。
He doesn't think there's any mileage in that type of advertising.     他认为做那种广告毫无效益.
Sebastian became captain in place of Miles who had broken his leg.     迈尔斯的腿骨折了，塞巴斯蒂安代替他当了船长。
Each birthday is a milestone we touch along life's way. May your birthday be happy in more ways than one.     每个生日都是我们人生之旅的一个里程碑，愿你的生日百事顺意。
A belligerent person or a militant partisan.     交战的人或好战的游击队队员
In some countries all the young men do a year's military service.     有些国家，所有年轻男子都要服一年兵役。
People gathered to form a militia to protect their town.     人们聚集起来，组成国民自卫队来保卫他们的城镇。
Would you like a glass of milk?     想喝杯牛奶吗？
She was hired as a milkmaid in that farm.     她被雇佣为那个农场的挤奶女工。
The dog snarled at the milkman.     那条狗对著送牛奶的人低声吠叫.
I like my coffee milky.     我喜欢喝有牛奶的咖啡。
He used a miller to mill the grain into flour.     他用碾磨机把谷物磨成面粉。
The town miller was famous for his excellent flour.     镇上的面粉场主以优质面粉著称。
example sentence not found
A unit of retinal illumination, equal to the amount of light that reaches the retina through 1 square millimeter of pupil area from a surface having a brightness of 1 candela per square meter.     光度视网膜亮度单位，相当于每平方米有一烛光亮度的表面，通过一平方毫米的瞳孔区域，到达视网膜的光线数量
example sentence not found
There were millions of people in the square.     广场上有好多好多人。
The lazy girl is dreaming of marrying a millionaire and therefore won't do any work.     这个懒惰的女孩正梦想着嫁给一个有钱人, 从此不再工作。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This parrot is an amazing mimic.     这只鹦鹉很会学舌。
I minced the lean meat finely before making dumplings.     包饺子前，我把瘦肉细细剁碎。
Would you mind if I smoke here?     我在这吸烟，你介意吗？
He could do it if he were so minded.     假如他想做，他就能做。
Mindful of the need to maintain efficient communication, the board of directors decided to construct a new communication network.     董事会注意到维持有效通讯的需要，因此决定建立一个新的通信网。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
That book is mine.     那本书是我的。
International law is a minefield for anyone not familiar with its complexity.     国际法这一领域, 不熟悉其复杂性则寸步难行.
example sentence not found
I think it is dangerous to be a miner.     我认为当矿工是很危险的。
Coal is a mineral.     煤是一种矿物。
They have sold up ten crates of mineral water in the afternoon.     他们这个下午卖掉了十箱矿泉水。
example sentence not found
A Chinese dynasty(1271-1368) established by the Mongolian ruler Kublai Khan at Peking(Beijing). It was superseded by the Ming dynasty.     元朝由蒙古统治者忽必烈汗在北京建立的一个中国王朝（1271-1368年），它被明朝取代
She accepted the money with mingled feelings.     她悲喜交集地收下了这笔钱。
This restaurant serves very mingy portions.     这家餐厅的饮食分量很少.
The basic design of the Mini has held good for more than twenty-five years.     微型汽车的基本设计已经适用了25年以上。
example sentence not found
He showed me the miniature of the mansion.     他给我显示了大厦的模型。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The two-year-old boy liked a lot the boy minibus while her mother bought him for the first time. He always slept with it.     这两岁的小男孩子非常喜爱他母亲第一次给他买的微型玩具车，他睡觉时也总是拿着睡。
example sentence not found
The system on the small-scale is called a microcomputer or minicomputer.     小规模的系统叫做微型计算机或小型计算机。
We stayed with friends, so our expenses were minimal.     我们住在朋友家, 所以我们的花费很小.
example sentence not found
To minimize the risk of burglary, install a good alarm system.     安装可靠的报警设备以减低被盗的风险.
Repairing your car will cost a minimum of 100 dollars.     修理你的汽车最低限度要100美元。
example sentence not found
This area depends on the mining industry.     这个地区以采矿业为经济基础.
They are the dictator and his minions.     他们就是那个独裁者和他的奴仆。
It's an era of the miniskirt in the seventies.     七十年代是超短裙时代。
He was elected Minister of Education.     他被选为教育部长。
They carried the ministerial veto.     他们行使了内阁否决权。
The army, navy and airforce are all controlled by the Ministry of Defense.     陆海空军皆由国防部控制。
Picked up a mink coat on sale.     拍卖时随手买了一件貂皮大衣
example sentence not found
These criminals arrested by the police are only minnows, their leader has escaped.     这些被警察抓住的犯罪分子只是些小鱼，他们的头子却跑掉了。
She acted as a minor role in the play.     她在剧中扮演了一个次要的角色。
A small minority voted against the motion.     投票反对该提议的人占少数。
The minstrel travelled about the country singing songs and poems written by him.     这名吟游诗人在全国游历，吟唱他自己写的诗歌。
The poet minted several words that cannot be found in any dictionary.     诗人造了几个词典里找不到的词。
example sentence not found
A French peasant dance resembling the minuet.     加伏特舞一种法国农民的舞蹈，类似于小步舞
I got B minus in the test.     我在考试中得了个B-。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I had remembered in minute detail everything that had happened.     我对发生的每件事的细枝末节都记得清清楚楚。
The minutes of the last meeting were approved.     上次会议记录已获得通过.
example sentence not found
Her life was saved by a miracle.     她的生命是靠奇迹救活的。
It's miraculous how much weight you've lost!     你体重减轻了这么多，真了不起！
example sentence not found
A mirage is an optical illusion.     海市蜃楼是一种视错觉.
The most brilliant person may be mired in detail and confusion.     即使是最聪明的人也会陷入琐事与混乱之中。
She stared at herself in the mirror.     她凝视着镜中的自己。
His figure looks very funny in the concave mirror.     他的样子在凹镜里显得非常可笑。
Christmas is a time of mirth, especially for children.     圣诞节是个快乐的日子，尤其是对孩子们。
Their holiday was ruined by a whole series of misadventures.     一连串的不幸事故把他们的假日全毁了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I thought you wanted to see me but I was clearly under a complete misapprehension.     我以为你想见我, 显然完全是我误解了.
The treasurer misappropriated the society's funds.     那会计盗用了协会的基金.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
By a miscarriage of justice the wrong man was condemned.     由于法庭的错误判决，一个无辜的人被定了罪。
The parcel must have miscarry, for she never receive it.     邮包一定投递错了，因为她一直没有收到。
example sentence not found
He likes to have miscellaneous collection.     他喜欢多种多样的收集。
The show was a miscellany of song and dance.     那场演出是又有歌曲又有舞蹈的混合表演.
I lost your file by pure mischance.     我把你的文件丢了，纯粹是碰上倒霉事了。
The wind played mischief with my papers.     风把我的文章吹得乱七八糟。
One expects active children to be mischievous at times.     活泼的孩子有时是会淘气的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The housing needs of our inner cities have been misconceived from the start.     我们旧城区的住房需求一开始就受到误解.
That a doctor shall be able to physic any disease is a misconception.     认为医生应该能医治任何疾病的观念是错误的。
That doctor has been accused of professional misconduct.     那位医生被指控违反医德。
You have completely misconstrued me/my words/what I said.     你完全误解了我[我的话/我的意思]了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The miser was despised by everyone in the city.     这个守财奴受到城市里每个人的鄙视。
The play was a miserable failure.     这出戏演砸了。
She failed miserably.     她失败得很惨。
example sentence not found
I am ill with misery.     我病得难受。
The engine is misfiring badly on one cylinder.     发动机有一个汽缸严重失灵.
He always feel a bit of a misfit in the business world.     他总觉得自己在商业界有些不适应。
He had the misfortune to fall ill on the day of the examination.     他很倒霉，在考试当天生病了。
example sentence not found
His heart is full of misgivings.     他心中疑虑重重。
His heart is full of misgivings.     他心中疑虑重重。
example sentence not found
The thief made a misguided attempt to rob a policewoman.     那个贼不识好歹竟要抢劫一个女警察。
example sentence not found
Tell your mother you have arrived here without mishap.     告诉你母亲你已经平平安安到达这里。
I regret to say you have been misinformed (about that).     很遗憾, （关於那事）你听到的情况不确.
I feel I must qualify my earlier remarks in case they are misinterpret.     我觉得我得把我说的话改得具体些，以免产生误解。
I'm sorry I misjudged you/your motives.     对不起, 我误会你[你的动机]了.
example sentence not found
I seem to have mislaid my passport have you seen it?     我好像把护照放在什麽地方找不到了--你看见了吗?
He misled me into thinking he was rich.     他使我误以为他很有钱。
The misleading sign led me astray.     那个标志误人，它使我迷了路。
example sentence not found
And who brought us to such a pass? You did, by sheer mismanagement.     谁使我们陷入这样的困境？就是你，纯粹由于你管理不善。
Their marriage was a mismatch they had little in common.     他们的婚姻不般配--两人几无共同之处.
`First-class hotel' was a complete misnomer for the tumbledown farmhouse we stayed in.     把我们住的那个摇摇欲坠的村舍称作｀一流旅馆＇, 纯粹是乱用词语.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I've misplaced my glasses they're not in my bag.     我把眼镜放错地方了--没在我的包里.
The charge is that the producers of the programme either deliberately misrepresented its nature, or foolishly slid into changing its purpose during production--or both. Of course, it is a matter of judgement whether the charge is made to stick.     指控说这个节目的制作者们要么有意地歪曲了节目的性质，要么就是在制作过程中愚蠢地改变了节目的目的――或者两种情况都有。当然，指控是否成立，还要看法官的裁决。
That was a lucky miss.     幸免于难。
Distorted in form; misshapen.     变形的形状上被扭曲的；畸形的
The huge ship was sunk by a homing missile.     这只巨大的军舰被一枚自动寻的导弹击中。
The child had been missing for a week.     那个孩子已经下落不明一个星期了。
He has been on confidential missions to Berlin.     他前往柏林执行秘密任务。
The missionary was sent to India last year.     这名传教士去年被派到印度。
He has a large farm in the Mississippi Valley.     他在密西西比河流域拥有一个大农场。
Mark used to be a pilot on the Mississippi River.     马克曾在密西西比河上当过领航员。
example sentence not found
Carver, who was black, was born in Missouri in1864.     卡佛是个黑人，1864年出生在密苏里州。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
How's the missus (ie your wife)?     你老婆好吗?
She could hardly recognize her son through the mist of tears that filled her eyes.     她泪眼蒙蒙，几乎不能认出自己的儿子。
You mistook my meaning entirely.     你完全误解了我的意思。
If I'm not mistaken, that's the man we saw on the bus.     要是我没认错人的话，我们在公共汽车上看见的就是那个男子。
A king of Thebes who was mistakenly killed by his own son, Oedipus.     拉伊俄斯底比斯国王，被他自己的儿子俄底浦斯误杀
A little boy stopped me in the street and asked me, What's the time, mister?     一个小男孩在街上拦住了我，问道；“先生，现在几点了？”
The mistletoe plant is a parasite on trees.     槲寄生是寄生在树上的植物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The dog ran alongside his mistress.     狗在女主人的身边奔跑。
He keeps his money at home because he has a great mistrust of banks.     他把自己的钱放在家里，因为他很不信任银行。
He is mistrustful of my ability.     他不信任我的才干。
The mists was fleeing before the rising sun.     太阳慢慢升起，薄雾渐渐消失。
It was a misty morning, but not very cold.     这是一个多雾的清晨，但不太冷。
They pretend to misunderstand my complaint.     他们假装误解了我的投诉。
I must weigh my words to avoid any misunderstanding.     我须字斟句酌免生误解.
Because of misuse of power, he was dismissed.     因为滥用权力，他被开除了。
I offer a mite of comfort to him.     我给了他一点安慰。
The government is trying to mitigate the effects of inflation.     政府正试图缓和通货膨胀的影响。
Take your mitts off me!     别碰我!
In winter she wears mittens.     冬天时她戴连指手套。
She put the sugar into the coffee and mixed them up with a spoon.     她把糖放进咖啡里，用勺子把它们混合起来。
The workers mixed the asphalt with sand and gravel together.     工人们把沥青和沙子、石块混合在一起。
She feels very mixed-up about life since her divorce.     自离婚后，她对人生感到很迷茫。
She's outgoing and a good mixer.     她是一个杰出的爱交际的人
Air is a mixture of gases.     空气是气体的混合物。
Mm! You look great.     你看上去好极了。
example sentence not found
A COBOL mnemonic name associated with the console typewriter.     和控制台打字机有关的一种COBOL助记忆名。
What is he moaning about?     他在发什么牢骚？
There is a moat round the castle.     城堡外环绕着一条护城河。
The police faced a mob throwing bricks and petrol bombs.     警察面对一群投掷砖块和汽油弹的暴徒。
She is much more mobile now that she has a car.     她现在出去方便多了，她有了一辆汽车。
example sentence not found
A private car gives a much greater degree of comfort and mobility.     私人小汽车能给人很大的舒服和机动性。
They are mobilizing their supporters to vote at the election.     他们正在组织其支持者向他们拉选票。
Old people like to wear moccasins.     老人喜欢穿软皮鞋。
The army training exercises ended with a mock battle.     军事训练演习以一场模拟战结束。
That examination was a mockery, they all copied from the books.     那次考试完全是骗人的鬼把戏，他们都抄书。
example sentence not found
The country girl was not used to their lavish mode of living.     这个乡下姑娘不习惯他们奢侈的生活方式。
This washing machine is the latest model.     这种洗衣机是最新型产品。
Does your computer have a modem?     你的电脑有调制解调器吗？
He usually drives at a moderate speed.     他通常中速驾驶。
Just because Joe is moderately good-looking, he thinks he is the God's gift to women!     乔正因为自已长得还帅，便自己认为对女人很有吸引力！
Some people say that drinking in moderation isn't harmful to health.     有些人说，有节制地饮酒对健康无害。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It's more useful to learn modern languages, such as English and German, than Latin.     学习英语和德语等现代语言比学习拉丁语更为有用。
I'm writing a grammar of modern English.     我在写现代英语的语法书.
example sentence not found
International competition was a spur to modernization.     国际竞争是实现现代化的动力。
If the industry doesn't modernize it will not survive.     该制造业若不现代化就不能继续存在.
Young girls must be modest in speech, dress and behavior.     年轻姑娘必须言词谨慎，衣着得体，行为端庄。
Be youngster, we sit modestly at the back, never daring to speak.     我们是些年轻人，都谦恭地坐在後面，始终不敢发言。
His modesty [air of joviality] was all put on.     他的谦逊[愉快的样子]都是装出来的。
If he had a modicum of sense, he wouldn't do such a foolish thing.     ＂要是他稍有一点理智，他决不会做出如此愚蠢的事来。＂
Persistent modification of behavior resulting from an animal's experience.     行为的修正由动物过去的经历导致的保持终生的行为修正
The policy was agreed by the committee, but only in a modified form.     那项政策经修改后才获得委员会同意。
example sentence not found
The union has been forced to slightly modify its position.     工会被迫稍稍改变立场。
example sentence not found
In structured analysis, the study of shapes and forms, herein with respect to the structure of modular hierarchies and organizations.     在结构分析中，研究形状和格式的科学。此处指对模块层次和组织的结构的研究。
example sentence not found
A device used to modulate an electromagnetic wave.     调制器用以调制电磁波的装置
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
In software engineering, an individual unit or module that is utilized by higher-level programs or modules.     在软件工程中，指较高一级程序或模块使用的一个单元或模块。
example sentence not found
A region of western India bordering on the Arabian Sea. An independent kingdom after1401, it was annexed by the Mogul Empire in1572.     古吉拉特印度西部一地区，与阿拉伯海相邻。1401年后成为一独立的王国，1572年被强行并入莫卧帝国
example sentence not found
The moist season has set in.     雨季已来临。
She moistened a tissue and gently wiped the dust off the necklace.     她沾湿了一块纸巾，轻轻擦去项链上的灰尘。
The kitchen's stone floor was shining with moisture.     厨房的石板地受了潮闪闪发亮。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The elephant grinds its food with/between its powerful molars.     象用其强有力的臼齿嚼碎食物.
You may put some molasses on the bread.     你可以放些糖浆在面包上。
A trowel-shaped tool for smoothing the surface of clay, sand, or plaster in a mold.     （瓦工的）镘用以刮光模子中泥土、沙粒或灰泥的表面的铲型工具
example sentence not found
A narrow border, molding, or fillet.     扁带饰窄条，装饰用嵌线或窄带
Let's get rid of this moldy old furniture.     咱们把这件老掉牙的旧家具扔掉吧。
They have found out the mole in the cabinet.     他们已经发现了内阁中的间谍。
Any of numerous natural and synthetic compounds of usually high molecular weight consisting of up to millions of repeated linked units, each a relatively light and simple molecule.     聚合物许多天然和人工合成的化合物中的任一种，通常具高分子的重量，包含最多可达上百万个的彼此重复且相连的单位，每一个单位都是一个相对较轻和较简单的分子
We can see many molecules flying in the air when a sunbeam penetrated the dark room.     当一束光线穿进暗淡的房间时，我们可以看到空气中有许多小颗粒在飞舞。
Never make a mountain of a molehill.     【谚】切勿小题大做。
The dog that molested the sheep was killed.     那只骚扰绵羊的狗被杀死了。
He tried to find ways of mollifying her.     他想方设法安慰她.
An animal, such as an insect or a mollusk, that lacks a backbone or spinal column.     无脊椎动物缺少脊骨或脊柱的动物，例如昆虫或软体动物
As the sun grew warmer, Molly cast off her heavy winter clothes.     太阳愈来愈暖和，于是莫利把冬衣搁在一边了。
He doesn't believe that children should be mollycoddled.     他认为不应溺爱儿童.
example sentence not found
The study of the interaction of magnetic fields and electrically conducting liquids or gases, such as molten metal or plasma.     磁流体动力学对磁场和导电的液体或气体，诸如熔化的金属或者等离子区之间的相互作用的研究
My only regret is that Todd and I didn't meet ten years ago so Mom could've seen her dream come true.     我唯一的遗憾是，和我没能在十年前就相遇，以致于妈妈没能看到她的愿望成为事实。
example sentence not found
I'd like to speak to you for a moment.     我想和你谈一会儿。
The charging of an isolated conducting object by momentarily grounding it while a charged body is nearby.     感应通过短暂地磨擦，使一个充电导体附近的独立导体产生电流
She hesitated in momentary confusion.     她一时思想紊乱，犹豫不定。
History bears evidence that each momentous political change is usually followed by an economic revival.     历史证明，在每次重大的政治变革之后随之而来的往往是经济上的复兴。
As the rock rolled down the mountainside, it gathered momentum.     石头滚下山时，它的动量增加。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They attempted to overthrow the monarch.     他们企图推翻国王。
example sentence not found
Britain is a constitutional monarchy.     英国是君主立宪制国家。
The monks live in a large monastery.     这些修道士居住在一个大修道院里。
example sentence not found
He'll arrive on Monday.     他将于星期一到达。
example sentence not found
The monetary system of some countries used to be based on gold.     过去有些国家的货币制度是金本位制的。
Money doesn't always bring happiness.     财富并不一定带来快乐。
example sentence not found
I have enclosed a post office money order for$40, 000 which include the express charges.     同函奉上面额40，000元的邮局汇票一纸包括快递费在内。
A banker or moneylender.     银行家或放债人
He's intent on moneymaking.     他一心一意地赚钱。
A medieval ruler of a Mongol, Tartar, or Turkish tribe.     可汗蒙古族、鞑靼人或土耳其人在中世纪时的统治者
A unit of currency in Mongolia.     蒙戈蒙古人民共和国一货币单位
A Mongol or Mongolian.     一个蒙古人或蒙古语
A dog considered to be inferior or undesirable; a mongrel.     劣等狗一种被视为低劣的或不受欢迎的狗；杂种狗
The monitor collected the exercise books after the class was over.     下课后，班长把练习册收了起来。
It is reported that some modern monks are using computers.     有报道说有些现代和尚在使用计算机。
When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.     树倒猢狲散。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Monitors, also known as video display terminals(VDTs), resemble television screens, and may be either monochrome or color.     显示器类似于电视屏幕，也被称为视频显示终端（VDTs），有单色显示器和彩色显示器。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The set of bath towels you personally monogrammed for us is beautiful.     那套有你亲手绣着我们名字的浴巾美极了。
example sentence not found
A tall, four-sided shaft of stone, usually tapered and monolithic, that rises to a point.     方尖石碑升到一点的四面体高塔或碑石，常为尖顶和由整块石料的
He writes dialogue by cut monologue in two.     他把独白切成两截来写对白。
A polymer of two or more different monomers.     共聚物一种由两种或多种不同单体构成的聚合物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He seems to think he has a monopoly of brains.     他似乎认为只有他才聪明。
example sentence not found
A monotone recitation of names.     名字的单调的朗诵
I only heard a monotonous voice of the singer.     我只听到那个歌唱家单调的声音。
I work with monotony.     我工作很单调。
example sentence not found
As motor vehicles burn fuel, they give off carbon monoxide as a waste.     在汽车燃烧燃料时，产生废气―一氧化碳。
Yes, monsieur.     是, 先生.
example sentence not found
The ship beat back against a monsoon.     船逆着季风艰难地行驶。
Dinosaurs are monsters.     恐龙是种巨兽。
The tree planted by the magician quickly grew to a monstrous height.     魔术师种下的树很快就长得极其高大。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His baby is six months old.     他的孩子有六个月大了。
His boss told him to be present at the monthly meeting.     他的老板要求他参加月会。
The 21st Olympiad took place in Montreal.     第21届奥林匹克运动会是在蒙特利尔举行的.
example sentence not found
They dedicated a monument in memory of those who died in the great earthquake.     他们为悼念死于大地震的人们建造纪念碑。
I have a monumental brass medal.     我有一枚有纪念意义的铜牌。
Lived by mooching off friends.     靠骗取朋友之物过活
She's too tired and in no mood for dancing.     她太累了，没有心情跳舞。
example sentence not found
I am moody at the hospital.     我在医院里心情不好。
Last night there was a full moon.     昨晚是满月。
The moonlight shone on the calm sea.     月光映在平静的海面上。
The moonlight shone on the calm sea.     月光映在平静的海面上。
The stage lighting gives the effect of a moonlit scene.     舞台灯光产生月夜景色的效果.
He used to go for long walks on the moors.     他过去时常在荒野上长时间地散步。
The moose looks like deer.     驼鹿看上去像鹿。
The question was first mooted many years ago.     这个问题是许多年前就提出的.
I have to mop the kitchen floor at least once a day.     我每天至少要把厨房地板擦洗一次。
He's been moping around (the house) all day.     他整天都在（房子）周围瞎转悠.
He's been moping around (the house) all day.     他整天都在（房子）周围瞎转悠.
example sentence not found
You may draw your own moral from it.     你可以从中得出自己的教训。
They bolstered their morale by singing.     他们以唱歌来鼓舞士气。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Have standards of morality improved?     道德标准是否有所改进？
Morally or intellectually superior.     高尚的道德上或智力上高出于
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She always has a morbid imagination.     她总在做病态的想像。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His illness was more serious than the doctor first thought.     他的病较医生原来以为的更严重。
The composition is a not well written, and moreover, there are many spelling mistakes in it.     这篇作文写得不好，而且，还有许多拼写错误。
There are more than 5,000 adjectives in that dictionary.     那本词典中有5000多个形容词。
Mr. Morgan, what do you think is the most important thing in doing business today?     摩根先生，您认为今天做生意中最重要的是什么？
example sentence not found
Moribund customs; a moribund way of life.     过时的风俗；过时的生活方式
Life is poetically compared to the morning dew.     在诗歌中，人生被比喻为朝露。
The people next door play their radio from morning till night.     邻居从早到晚开着收音机。
example sentence not found
Morocco and California are bits of the Earth in very similar latitudes.     摩洛哥和加利福尼亚是地球上几乎同纬度的两小块地方。
They're a load of morons.     他们是一群笨蛋.
example sentence not found
One easy, although unkind, way of dealing with two morose teenagers is to play one off against the other.     有一个简单然而有点冷酷的方法来对付这两个难处的青年――记他们互相争斗你从中得利。
example sentence not found
The morphine was administered by injection.     那吗啡是注射进去的.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Let's hope that the morrow will bring better news.     让我们寄希望于明天会带来更好的消息。
The spoken representation of a dash in Morse code.     长划莫尔斯电码中，以短断音代表口语表达
He wouldn't do such silly things if he had a morsel of sense.     他要是有一点常识的话，就不会干这种傻事。
Man is mortal.     人都是会死的。
Infant mortality is still very high in some developing countries.     某些发展中国家的婴儿死亡率仍然很高。
Polish patriot and general who aided American forces in the Revolutionary War, commanding the defense of Charleston(1779) and leading a cavalry brigade in the siege of Savannah, during which he was mortally wounded.     普瓦斯基，卡齐米尔1747－1779波兰爱国主义者和将军，在美国独立战争中曾支持美军，指挥了查理斯顿防御战（1779年）并在萨瓦纳之围时率领一个骑兵旅，在这场战斗中受重伤而牺牲
The army was fired by mortars.     军队被迫击炮攻击。
He will have to mortgage his land for a loan.     他不得不将土地抵押来申请贷款。
example sentence not found
It is our nation's mortification.     这是我们国家的耻辱。
He felt mortified for his mistake.     他对他的错深感羞愧.
The cross-piece is mortised into the upright post.     横梁和立柱是用榫眼接合一起的.
example sentence not found
Half a mo (ie Wait a little), I'm not quite ready.     等一下, 我还没完全准备好.
It's a rich mosaic of meadows, rivers and woods.     这是一幅由草地，河流，树木组成的五光十色的镶嵌画。
Moscow is the capital of Russia.     莫斯科是俄罗斯的首都。
Moses led the Israelites out of their bondage in Egypt.     摩西率领以色列人脱离在埃及的奴隶生涯。
Most Moslem women wear veils in public places.     大多数穆斯林妇女在公共场所都戴着面纱。
They went to the mosque to pray.     他们去清真寺做祷告。
I hate mosquitoes.     我讨厌蚊子。
A rolling stone gathers no moss.     滚石不生苔；转业不聚财。
He stepped on the mossy front steps and looked into the house.     他站在长满苔藓的前门的台阶上向里张望。
It was one of the most important discoveries ever made.     这是所做出的最重大的发现之一。
example sentence not found
The work is mostly done.     这工作已基本完成。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He stayed one night in a motel and went on travelling.     他在一家汽车旅馆呆了一晚上，就又接着旅行了。
example sentence not found
This piece of cloth was eaten by a moth.     这块布被蠹虫蛀坏了。
My mother is a housewife.     我妈妈是个家庭妇女。
example sentence not found
English is her mother tongue.     英语是她的母语。
example sentence not found
She finds motherhood very rewarding.     她认为做母亲得偿所愿。
French pianist, writer, and editor best known for Madame Curie(1937), a biography of her mother, Marie Curie.     居里，埃弗・丹尼斯生于1904法国钢琴家、作家和编辑，以一本描述她的母亲玛丽・居里的传记小说居里夫人（1937年）而闻名
example sentence not found
The soldiers swore allegiance to their motherland.     士兵们宣誓效忠于他们的祖国。
A motif in art, literature, or music.     主题艺术、文学或者音乐的主题
example sentence not found
He opened the door and motioned me to come in.     他打开了门，招手让我进去。
The company entered into motion picture production in1897.     这个公司在1897年就开始电影制作工作了。
The cat remained motionless, waiting for the mouse to come out of its hole.     猫一动不动地等着老鼠出洞。
example sentence not found
They are motivated by the twin goads of punishment and reward.     他们受赏与罚的双重因素所激励。
Attribution of human motivation, characteristics, or behavior to inanimate objects, animals, or natural phenomena.     拟人论，拟人观赋予无生命的物体，动物或自然现象以人的动机，特征或行动
example sentence not found
His sole motive is to make more money.     他唯一的动机就是多赚钱。
They are wearing a motley collection of old clothes.     他们穿着各式各样的旧衣服。
The machines are driven by electric motors.     这些机器都是由电动机驱动的。
That motorbike will be the death of you.     那辆摩托车就会要了你的命。
Every time I got my motorcar started the engine cut out.     ＂每次我一启动我的摩托车，发动机就熄火了。＂
Mr. Lin will wash his motorcycle tomorrow morning.     林先生明天早晨将擦洗他的摩托车。
The motorcyclist had a brush with danger as he skidded round the bend.     摩托车驾驶员在道路弯曲处打滑了，差一点出了危险。
Motoring organizations are urging drivers not to travel by road if possible.     机动车协会劝告开车的人暂时不要使用公路。
The policeman ordered the motorist to stop.     警察指示让那开车的人停车
example sentence not found
We should leave the motorway at the next interchange.     我们应该在下一个立体交叉道驶离高速公路。
example sentence not found
Iron utensils with a mottled enamel resembling granite.     单涂搪瓷器皿表面涂以搪瓷使外观象花岗岩的铁制品
Think before you act is my motto.     “三思而后行”是我的座右铭。
Bread tends to mould in damp weather.     气候潮湿时，面包容易长霉。
example sentence not found
The car body is moulded in the factory.     汽车车身是在这家工厂里模压成型的。
We had a mouldy holiday - it rained every day.     我们的假日过得好无聊，每天都下雨。
example sentence not found
There is a mound of papers on my desk.     我的办公桌上放了一大堆文件。
Mount Jolmo Lungma is the highest mountain in the world.     珠穆朗玛峰是世界上最高的山峰。
He looks down from the top of the mountain to the valley far below.     他从山顶向下眺望下面幽深的山谷。
An area of land formed or lying at the foot of a mountain or mountain range.     山麓地区，山脚地区形成或位于山脚下或山区的陆地地区
The mountaineer has many stories of expeditions.     这个登山家有很多探险故事。
From about1880 to1903 was truly the golden age of mountaineering.     从大约1880年到1903年，确实是登山运动的黄金时期。
It seemed that the mountainous waves would turn the ship over.     排山倒海的巨浪似乎要把船掀翻。
As the rock rolled down the mountainside, it gathered momentum.     石头滚下山时，它的动量增加。
example sentence not found
He managed to subdue his mounting anger.     他设法克制住了阵阵愤怒。
The old woman still mourns for her son.     这位老太太还在为儿子的死伤心。
The mourners were all in black.     送葬者都穿着黑衣服。
He looks mournful.     他看上去神色悲哀。
They all mourned his passing.     大家都对他的逝世表示悲痛.
I guess there are mice in the kitchen.     我猜想厨房里有老鼠。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His moustache is very long.     他的胡子很长。
The news spread from mouth to mouth.     这消息广为流传。
An amount of food taken into the mouth at one time; a mouthful.     一口食物；一口，少量一次吞入口的食物量；一口的量
A toy instrument with a membrane that produces a sound when a player hums or sings into the mouthpiece.     卡祖笛一种当吹奏者向吹口处低吟或哼唱时一个膜能够发出声音的玩具乐器
She gargle with an antiseptic mouthwash.     她用具有消毒灭菌作用的漱口剂来清洁口腔。
This dresser is movable; we can take it to our new flat.     这个梳妆台是可移动的，我们可以把它带到新公寓去。
I was very moved by her story.     她的故事使我很感动。
example sentence not found
The Trade Union Movement works to obtain higher wages and better conditions.     工会运动旨在争取更高的工资和更好的工作条件。
He was the prime mover in the revolt against the government.     他是这场反政府叛乱的煽动者.
The conclusion of the movie was anticlimactic.     电影的结局真没劲。
Many movies deal with commonplace themes.     许多电影的主题很平庸。
Then along comes a rapidly moving cold front.     然后来了一股迅速移动的冷锋。
example sentence not found
The soldiers were mown down by enemy gunfire.     士兵大批大批地被敌军炮火打死。
I borrowed a mower from my neighbor to cut grass in my garden.     我从邻居那借了割草机来割花园里的草。
Mozart is a colossus among composers.     莫札特是作曲家中的巨匠.
He went belting up/down the motorway at 90 mph.     他在高速公路上以每小时90英里的速度疾驶.
Mr. Smith is our teacher.     史密斯先生是我们的老师。
example sentence not found
Ms. Brown is active in the party.     布朗女士在晚会上很活跃。
The paddy area was extended to900000 mu last year.     去年稻田面积扩大到了90万亩。
I think we may learn much from it.     我想我们能从中学到许多。
Because he did not get as much as he expected to under his father's will, he felt himself hard done by.     由于按照他父亲的遗嘱，他没有得到他所希望的那样多，他就感到受到不平等的对待。
He fell down and came home with his clothes all mucked up.     他摔倒了，结果回家时衣服上全是泥。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My coat was dirty with mucous things.     我的衣服被粘的东西弄脏了。
A benign tumor, most often found in the heart, that is composed of connective tissue embedded in mucus.     粘液瘤一种良性肿瘤，最常见于心脏，它由黏液里的胶状结缔组织构成
Rain turns dust into mud.     雨把尘土变成了软泥。
example sentence not found
I muddled (up) the dates and arrived three days late.     我把日期弄乱了, 所以迟到了三天.
They walked along a muddy road.     他们沿着一条泥泞的道路走着。
That muff broke all of my dishes.     那个笨蛋打碎了我所有的盘子。
Muffin is usually toasted and eaten hot with butter.     松饼通常烤热加黄油吃。
We muffled the oars to stop them splashing noisily.     我们裹住船浆以减小溅水声。
Her voice sounded muffled up.     她的声音听起来像是很压抑。
example sentence not found
Soldiers wear mufti on leave, not uniform.     士兵度假时穿便服, 不穿制服.
He asked me to make him a mug of coffee.     他要我给他弄杯咖啡。
example sentence not found
The mugger thrust at his victim with a knife.     抢劫者用刀子向受害人刺去。
A victim of a mugging.     走私活动的受害者
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I like to eat purple mulberries.     我喜欢吃紫色的桑葚。
John was mulcted in￡500 by the court.     约翰被法庭罚款500英镑。
Mules are a cross between a horse and an ass.     骡子是马和驴的杂种。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
In data communications, a method of controlling terminals on a multi drop or clustered data network where each terminal is interrogated in turn by the computer to determine whether it is ready to receive or transmit data. Data transmission is only initiated by the computer.     在数据通信中，一种控制多点式或群集数据网络上终端的方法，其中每个终端均由计算机轮流询问，以确定它是否准备好接收或发送数据。数据传输只由计算机启动。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
If a peace process got under way, Saudi Arabia would participate directly in multilateral talks about such problems of regional concern as shipping and pollution.     如果一项促进和平的安排开始进行，沙特阿拉伯将直接参与有关航运及污染等地区性问题的多边谈判。
example sentence not found
India is a ,multilingual country.     印度是使用多语种的国家.
We bought a multimedia encyclopedia.     我们买了一套多媒体百科全书。
Some people believe that the multinationals have too much power.     有人认为跨国公司的权力太大了.
He is the person with multiple injuries.     他就是那个多处受伤的人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My son began to study multiplication when he was six.     我儿子六岁的时候开始学习乘法。
example sentence not found
The multiplier for the estimate of man-hour costs to take care of overheads and fringe benefits.     工时成本估计的乘数及以满足福利费和经营管理费的需要。
Rabbits multiply quickly.     兔子繁殖很快。
example sentence not found
Simultaneous execution of two or more sequences of instructions by a multiprocessor.     由一个多处理机系统同时执行两个或多个指令序列。
example sentence not found
The multitude may laugh at his music, but we know better.     一般人也许会嘲笑他的音乐，但我们更了解它。
Your mum will go spare if she finds out what you've done!     要是你妈妈知道你干的事, 她会气坏的!
I heard an incoherent mumble.     我听到了不连贯的低语声。
I was told not go near Charles. He is sickening for mumps.     别人告诉我不要走近查尔斯，他染上了流行性腮腺炎。
example sentence not found
I study in a municipal college.     我在一所市立大学上学。
War is mass murder.     战争是一场大屠杀。
The murderer was sentenced to death.     杀人犯被判处死刑。
There was a low murmur of conversation in the hall.     大厅里有窃窃私语声。
Some of my friends develop their arm muscles by playing tennis.     我的一些朋友通过打网球锻炼他们胳膊的肌肉。
He's big and muscular.     他身材高大，肌肉发达。
example sentence not found
The young girl was lost in a muse.     这女孩陷入了沉思。
He works in a history museum.     他在历史博物馆工作。
Some mushrooms are poisonous.     有些蘑菇有毒。
Some mushrooms are poisonous.     有些蘑菇有毒。
Men have been making music for thousands of years.     人类创作音乐已有数千年历史。
The mother found that her son had a musical talent.     母亲发现儿子有音乐天赋。
That musician is very famous.     那位音乐家非常有名。
In England traffic must keep to the left.     在英国，车辆必须靠左行驶。
He put some mustard into the dish.     他向菜里放了些芥末。
The troops mustered on the hill.     部队在小山上集合。
The process by which some microbes differentiate or mutate.     离异，分离变异一些微生物变异或经历突变的过程
Our teacher has mutation of sounds suddenly.     我们的老师突然语音发生了变化。
He's mute on the subject of social system.     他对社会制度的问题保持沉默。
Actors often mutter to themselves when rehearsing their lines.     演员背台词的时候经常自己嘀嘀咕咕。
People like to have mutton in the winter.     冬天人们喜欢吃羊肉。
Let's give mutual support and inspiration to each other.     让我们互相支持，互相鼓励。
My job is teaching English.     我的职业是教英语。
A myriad of thoughts passed through her mind.     无数想法划过她的心头。
example sentence not found
The white flowers in the myrtle smell sweet.     桃金娘上的白花闻起来很香。
I told myself to calm down.     我告诫自己要冷静下来。
We begin to plumb the mysteries of the universe.     我们开始探索宇宙的奥秘。
We must pay special attention to the mysterious stranger.     我们必须对那个神秘的陌生人严加注意。
Mysteriously, there was no answer when I rang.     真怪，我按了铃，但没人应。
Why he went there is a mystery to me.     他为什么到那里去，这对我来说是个谜。
I know some world's mystic religions.     我了解一些世界上的神秘宗教。
example sentence not found
The act or an instance of mystifying.     神秘化神秘化的行为或事例
A being in folklore or myth similar to one of these beings.     巨人民间传说或神话中与以上的人种相似的人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It is a mythology about the king.     这是个关于国王的神话。
example sentence not found
The greater part of the rabbit population of Britain went under to the disease of myxomatosis.     繁殖在不列颠的兔子，曾经由于粘液瘤病而死去一大半。
He fought in the N African campaign during the last war.     在上次战争中他在北非战役参战.
He was nabbed (by the police) for speeding.     他超速行车被（警察）逮住了.
example sentence not found
Some children complain that their parents nag at them.     一些孩子报怨他们父母老是数落他们。
example sentence not found
My girlfriend keeps on nagging me to get a haircut so I finally had one today; it was worth it if only to keep the peace.     我女朋友唠叨着要我去理发，因此我今天终于去理了。只要能保持安宁，那还是值得的。
We nailed up the windows of the old house.     我们把这座旧房子的窗户都钉死了。
My husband doesn't allow me to paint my nails.     我丈夫不允许我染指甲。
He went straight to Lagos, without stopping in Nairobi.     他径直前往拉各斯, 未在内罗毕停留.
The politician made a naive decision.     这个政治家做了一个幼稚的决定。
Naively idealistic in the support of philanthropic or humanitarian causes.     社会改良空想家的在支持善心或博爱事件方面幼稚的、理想化的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
These little boys swim naked in the river.     这些小孩光着身子在河里游泳。
Germs are invisible to the naked eye.     细菌用肉眼看不见。
She was named after her grandmother.     她是根据她祖母的名字命名的。
She was named after her grandmother.     她是根据她祖母的名字命名的。
example sentence not found
He discovered some new and nameless plants.     他发现了一些新的未命名的植物。
Only one person can do the job, namely you.     只有一个人能做这项工作，那就是你。
He enrolled our names.     他把我们的名字登记下来了。
She's my namesake but we're not related.     她与我同姓, 但我们不是亲戚.
The act of naming.     命名命名的行为
Building constructors in Ji Nan and Qingdao have found our product easy to install and very attractive in appearance.     济南与青岛的建筑商，大多认为我公司产品易于安装，且外观颇具吸引力。
Nancy gave birth to a baby boy last night.     昨晚南希生了一个男孩。
They both go out to work and have a nanny living in.     他们俩都外出工作, 雇了个保姆看家.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Father always takes a nap in the afternoon.     父亲下午总要睡个午觉。
He has much learning, but he hides it in a napkin.     他学识渊博，可是并没有把它发挥出来。
Does the steamer call at Naples?     这艘轮船在那不勒斯停吗？
Napoleon called himself Emperor of the French.     拿破仑自称为法国皇帝。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She was like a narcissus trembling in the wind.     她像一株在风中摇动的水仙。
example sentence not found
Narcotics are a major threat to health.     毒品是危害健康的大敌。
Shall I narrate a strange experience of mine?     我把我的一次奇遇叙述一下好吗？
A very detailed account or report of something; a narration.     描述对某事物极某详细的述说或报道；叙述
Narrative makes up most of the book.     这本书的大部分篇幅都是叙述性的。
He listens and waits for the narrator to explain more.     他听著，等待讲的人进一步解释
The gate is too narrow for a car.     大门太窄，汽车进不去。
The ball narrowly shaved his off stump.     那个球紧贴著他的三柱门的外柱掠过。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He sprayed some nasal spray into the nose to make breathing easier.     他往鼻子里喷了些鼻雾喷剂，让呼吸畅通些。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is a person with a nasty mind.     他是个思想肮脏的人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Australia is an English speaking nation.     澳大利亚是一个讲英语的国家。
Foreign nationals were asked to leave the country.     外国侨民被要求离开该国。
example sentence not found
Their project to establish a new national park will be completed next year.     他们建造一个新的国家公园的工程将于明年完工。
Extreme nationalism, especially when opposed to international cooperation.     极端民族主义，尤其是反对国际间合作时候
A principality of the United Kingdom on the western peninsula of the island of Great Britain. Incorporated with England since the Act of Union(1536), Wales has maintained its own distinct culture and a strong nationalist sentiment. Cardiff is the capital and the largest city. Population, 2,790,462.     威尔士英国大不列颠岛西部半岛之一地区。自联盟令（1536年）后与英格兰合并，它同时保持了自己的独特文化风格和强烈的民族主义情感。卡迪夫为其首府及最大城市。人口2，790，462
There were diplomats of all nationalities in Geneva.     日内瓦有世界各国的外交官。
Nationalize the steel industry.     使钢铁工业国有化
example sentence not found
The chairman's speech will be broadcast nationwide.     主席的讲话将向全国广播。
He is a Beijing native.     他是土生土长的北京人。
The baby's nativity brought them great pleasure.     孩子的诞生给他们带来了巨大的欢乐。
Hasn't NATO slaked his lust for blood?     难道北约还没有满足他的血腥的欲望吗？
example sentence not found
I prefer to see animals living in their natural state.     我宁愿看处于野生状态的动物。
They continued down until they came to some pockets of natural gas.     他们继续往下钻, 终於找到了一些天然气的气阱.
We must follow the natural law.     我们必须遵守自然法则。
If I may refer back to the problem we discussed, I think we shall stress on the conservation of our natural resource.     请允许我重提我们刚才讨论过的问题，我想我们应该强调保存我们的自然资源。
A systematic long-term change of this kind suggests the action of natural selection and indicates that female skeletal characteristics confer greater fitness. But is this the whole story.     这种长期的系统变化说明自然选择的作用，并表明女性骨骼的特性较大的适应性。但是，情况完全是这样的吗？
One who believes in and follows the tenets of naturalism.     自然主义者信仰和追随自然主义信条的人
He is a naturalist who studies animals and plants.     他是个研究动植物的博物学家。
example sentence not found
English sporting terms have been naturalized in many languages.     英语的运动术语已被多种语言采用.
Try to act naturally, even if you're tense.     即使紧张也不要做作.
example sentence not found
It's her nature to be generous.     慷慨大方是她的天性。
All his work came to naught when the fire destroyed the house he was building.     大火烧毁了他正在建的房子，他的一切成绩化为乌有。
You naughty boy! I've told you not to play in the street.     你这顽皮孩子！我说过，叫你别在马路上玩。
Experiencing nausea; nauseated.     感到反胃的；恶心的
The idea of eating raw shellfish nauseates me.     我一想到吃生贝就恶心.
She felt/was nauseous during the sea crossing.     她渡海时觉得恶心.
example sentence not found
A usually earth-covered Navajo dwelling traditionally built with the entrance facing east.     泥盖木屋那瓦和人居住的通常用泥土抹盖的房子，传统入口朝东
The naval officer asked him to stay away from the base.     那位海军军官让他离开基地。
People gathered in the nave of the house.     人们聚拢在房子的中间。
An encircling band for holding in a baby's protruding navel.     脐带连于婴儿突出的肚脐上的环绕带
The canal is navigable all the year.     这条运河全年可通航。
Who first navigated the Atlantic Ocean?     是谁首先横渡大西洋?
Navigation is difficult on this river because of the hidden rocks.     因为河上有暗礁，所以在这条河上航行很困难。
Not having proper navigational aids the pilot had been unaware of the changing conditions and had flown the plane right into the eye of the tropical storm.     由于没有适当的导航援助，飞行员不了解周围气候的变化情况，将飞机直接飞入了热带飓风眼内。
The man is a sixteenth Spanish navigator.     那个人是十六世纪的航海家。
Britain has always had a large navy, called the Royal Navy.     英国一直有一支强大的海军，称为皇家海军。
I suspect, nay, I am certain, that he is wrong.     我怀疑，不，我肯定他错了。
example sentence not found
The ideology and practice of the Nazis, especially the policy of racist nationalism, national expansion, and state control of the economy.     纳粹主义纳粹党的意识和实施，尤其是种族国家主义，国家扩张，政府控制经济的政策
In Nazism, a Caucasian Gentile, especially of Nordic type.     北欧人在纳粹用语中，指非犹太教徒的白种人，尤指北欧人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Can you tell me the nearest way to the railway station?     你能告诉我去火车站最近的路吗？
He roped his horse on a nearby tree.     他把马拴到附近的一棵树上。
Britain's nearest neighbour is France.     英国最近的邻居是法国。
The train was nearly full.     火车差不多满座了。
No doubt the committee will wave aside his nearsighted view.     毫无疑问委员会对他的肤浅之见会置之不理的。
He keeps his office neat and tidy.     他保持办公室清洁整齐。
He added up the list of figures and ruled it off neatly.     他将那一栏数字加起来，之后很整洁地在下面划了一条直线。
Your room is a marvel of neatness and order.     你的房间整洁得出奇.
You can see nebulae in the clear summer sky.     在晴朗的夏夜可以看到天上的星云。
You can see nebulae in the clear summer sky.     在晴朗的夏夜可以看到天上的星云。
Nebulous assurances of future cooperation.     对未来合作的含糊的保证
Give us the luxuries of life and we will dispense with necessaries.     请赐给我们以人生的奢侈品吧，我们将会扔掉一切必需品的。
Necessarily or demonstrably true; incontrovertible.     必然真实的，可明确论证的；无可置疑的
Is it necessary for me to attend the meeting?     我真的必须参加这个会议吗？
Your proposal will necessitate borrowing more money.     依你的建议就必须增加借款。
example sentence not found
The doctor asked us to call him during the night except in case of necessity.     医生吩咐我们，除非必须，否则不要在夜里叫他。
The fans of the actress craned their necks to catch a glimpse of their idol.     那位女演员的崇拜者们伸长了脖子想看一看他们崇拜的偶像。
Russia and the United States are neck and neck in the race to send a manned spacecraft to Mars.     苏联和美国在发射载人宇宙飞船去火星的研制方面，可以说是并驾齐驱，不相上下。
I lost my crystal necklace at the party.     我在晚会上丢失了水晶项链。
Their boss told them that they must wear neckties in the company.     他们的老板告诉他们在公司里必须打领带。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Any of several small, often brilliantly colored Australasian parrots that feed primarily on soft fruits or the nectar and pollen of flowers and blooming trees.     短尾鹦鹉一种澳大拉西亚的体小、通常色彩鲜艳的鹦鹉，主要食软果或水果原汁花与开花树木和花的蜜
If I need you to come and help I'll call.     如果我需要你来帮忙，我会打电话的。
You should do what is needful as soon as possible.     你应该尽快做必须做的事。
The road looks beautiful covered by golden pine needles.     这条路上铺满了金黄色的松针，看上去美极了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The road was covered with fir needles.     这条路上铺满了冷杉针叶。
Needless to say, he kept his promise.     不用说，他信守了他的诺言。
You are fretting yourself needlessly.     你是在不必要地折磨自己。
She is good at needlework.     她擅长刺绣。
example sentence not found
The brain needs a continuous supply of blood.     大脑需要不断地供血。
The rich man gave much food to needy people.     那位富翁给了穷人很多食物。
example sentence not found
These facts negate your theory.     这些事实否定了你的理论.
This theory is a negation of all traditional beliefs.     这理论否定了一切传统信念.
I have a negative opinion on the value of this idea.     我对这个主意持反对意见。
example sentence not found
Don't neglect to lock the door when you leave.     你走时别忘了锁门。
The threat of a neglected cold is for doctor what the threat of purgatory is for priest- a gold mine.     被忽视的感冒所构成的威胁对医生来说，正如地狱所构成的威胁之对牧师――都是一座金矿。
example sentence not found
The accident was due to her negligence.     这次事故是因她疏忽所致。
She was taxed with negligence/with having been negligent.     她被指控疏忽职守.
The risks were represented as negligible.     把这麽冒险的事说得微不足道.
The road is only negotiable in the dry season.     这条道只有在旱季才能通行。
The company has negotiated a new contract with its staff.     公司已经和全体员工商定了一项新合同。
Negotiation of the slippery road was not easy.     通过这条很滑的路并不容易。
The negotiator produce a new set of figures.     谈判者们提出了一组新数字。
It's impolite to call the black people Negros.     称呼黑人为Negro是不礼貌的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He heard the horse's neigh in the distance.     他听到远处马嘶声。
Britain's nearest neighbor is France.     英国最近的邻居是法国。
You'll find the hotel in the neighborhood.     你会在附近找到这家旅店。
The Zulus conquered all the neighboring tribes.     祖鲁人征服了所有邻近的部落。
Britain's nearest neighbour is France.     英国最近的邻居是法国。
Neil went in advance to say that we were coming.     尼尔先走一步去告诉我们就来。
Neither of my sisters drinks coffee.     我的两个姐妹都不喝咖啡。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A stone implement of the Neolithic Period.     新石器新石器时代的石头器具
She caught up a popular neologism from the newspapers.     她急忙采用了报刊上流行的一种新词语。
A colorless, odorless, tasteless, gaseous mixture, mainly nitrogen(approximately78 percent) and oxygen(approximately21 percent) with lesser amounts of argon, carbon dioxide, hydrogen, neon, helium, and other gases.     空气一种无色、无嗅、无味的气体混合物，主要由氮气（约占78％）和氧气（约占21％）组成，还有少量的氩、二氧化碳、氢、氖、氦及其它气体
example sentence not found
A neophyte at politics.     初涉政界的人
example sentence not found
One of the major schools of Buddhism, active in Japan, Korea, Nepal, Mongolia, and China, which teaches social concern and universal salvation.     大乘佛教佛教的主要流派之一，流传于日本、朝鲜、尼泊尔、蒙古和中国，教导人们关心社会和普渡众生。
My nephew is a naughty boy.     我侄子是一个淘气的孩子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The planets of our solar system are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.     我们太阳系的行星有水星、金星、地球、火星、木星、土星、天王星、海王星。
example sentence not found
You'll need plenty of nerve to sit beside him when he is driving.     他开车的时候，你得有足够的胆量才敢坐在他旁边。
The human brain contains several billion nerve cells, which are connected with one another by fine nerves.     人类的大脑含有几十亿个神经细胞，这些细胞由纤细的神经将彼此连接起来。
Any of various elongated cells or threadlike structures, especially a muscle fiber or a nerve fiber.     神经纤维尤指肌纤维或神经纤维等各种长形细胞或线状组织中的任一种
The knife fell from her nerveless fingers.     刀子从她那无力的手中落下.
example sentence not found
Her nerves were frayed by the noises in the street.     街上的噪音使她神经紧张。
Are you nervous in the dark?     你在黑暗中感到害怕吗？
She suffered a nervous breakdown.     她患神经衰弱.
The doctors shall operate on his central nervous system.     医生们将要对他的中枢神经系统动手术。
She was gnawing her nails nervously.     她正在神经质地咬指甲。
He laughed to cover (ie hide) his nervousness.     他哈哈大笑以遮掩紧张的心情.
But why is it doctor that I am always so nervy, tense and ready to jump on anybody...     可是大夫，为什么我总是感到神经质、紧张、爱发脾气……
The bird is building a nest of straw and twigs.     这只鸟在用稻草和小树枝筑巢。
The redbreasts nested in the trees in our garden.     知更鸟在我们庭院里的树上做巢。
I nestled down on the big sofa and began to read novels.     我舒适地靠在大沙发上，开始看小说。
The little girl is nestling closely up to her mother.     小女孩紧紧地偎依在她妈妈身边。
They netted the fruit trees to protect them from birds.     他们用网覆盖住果树以使其免遭鸟害。
Her nether lip trembled.     她的下唇颤抖着。
The Netherlands are washed by the North Sea.     荷兰濒临北海。
example sentence not found
Nettle is a kind of common wild plant.     荨麻是一种普通的野生植物。
Do you know the three USA television networks?     你知道美国的三大电视网吗？
The company has a network of shops all over the country.     这家公司有着遍布全国的商店网。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is a bit neurotic, but his wife is a very stable person.     他有点神经质，但他的妻子是一个非常稳重的人。
When you start the engine, be sure the car is in neutral.     你在发动引擎时，一定要让汽车处于空档。
Italy declared for neutrality in this war.     在这次战争中意大利宣布中立。
I am doing an experiment of neutralizing acid.     我在做一个中和酸的实验。
A particle, such as an electron, a proton, or a neutron, having half-integral spin and obeying statistical rules requiring that not more than one in a set of identical particles may occupy a particular quantum state.     费密子一种如电子、质子或中子等自旋为半整数的基本粒子，具有一种使得不可能有多于一个的粒子占有任何一个特殊的量子力学态的量子力学对称性
I will never forget your kindness.     我永远忘不了你的好意。
The news may be unexpected; nevertheless, it's true.     这消息也许是出乎预料，但它是真的。
She is new to this country.     她对这个国家还不熟悉。
She gazed at the newborn infant and smiled.     她望着这个初生的婴儿笑了。
They are almost all newcomers except me.     除了我他们大部分都是新来者。
The newly ploughed fields smelt sweet.     新犁过的土地散发着芳香。
I haven't heard any news from my son lately.     我最近没听到我儿子的任何音讯。
example sentence not found
Company policy; a company newsletter.     公司政策；公司业务通讯
I learned this piece of news from the newspaper this morning.     我是今天早晨从报纸上知道这条消息的。
What will you do next?     接下来你要干什么？
Food and rent nibbled away at the money they had saved.     花在食物和房租上的钱把他们的积蓄一点一点耗掉了。
How nice of you to do that!     你那样做真是太好了！
This sport jacket will match those pants nicely.     这件运动衫和那条短裤很相配。
He judged the distance to a nicety.     他判断距离很正确。
He found the right niche for himself.     他发现了一个适合他的职位。
Can you give me a dime for two nickels?     你能不能用两个五分镍币给我换一个一毛的镍币？
Jess is just my nickname - my real name is Jessica.     杰西只是我的昵称，我的真名是杰西卡。
Smokers who inhale are likely to become addicted to nicotine.     吸烟的人容易对尼古丁上瘾.
My niece always clings to me whenever she is at my home.     我侄女只要一到我家里就缠着我不放。
Back in Nigeria we used to play a lot of tennis.     我们以前在尼日利亚经常打网球。
example sentence not found
The niggard contributed little to them.     这个吝啬鬼几乎就没捐钱给他们。
Giving or spending money grudgingly; niggardly.     吝啬的给予或花钱吝啬的；小气的
example sentence not found
Our lawyers will niggle over every little detail of the case.     我们的律师们会就这个案件的每一个细节进行辩论。
Stop niggling about every penny we spend.     别再为我们花的每个小钱费心思了.
The time is drawn nigh.     时间已近。
Night began to fall.     夜幕降临。
Affected with night blindness.     夜盲的由夜盲症引起的
She earned her living by singing in a nightclub.     她靠在夜总会唱歌谋生.
The period of light between dawn and nightfall; the interval from sunrise to sunset.     白天，白昼黎明和黄昏之间有光的一段时间；从日出到日落的间隔
example sentence not found
The nightingale sings sweetly at night.     这只夜莺夜里唱得很好听。
example sentence not found
My husband and I watch the nightly news broadcast everyday.     我丈夫和我每天都看晚间新闻。
I have nightmares about falling off a cliff.     我常做恶梦梦见从悬崖上摔下来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We can win the rubber 2 games to nil or 2-1.     我们可以以2比零或2比1赢得这三局两胜的比赛.
She go up the Nile as far as the first crocodile.     她溯尼罗河之源而上，直至遇上第一条鳄鱼。
She knitted a pair of mittens for me with her nimble fingers.     她用灵巧的双手为我织了一副手套。
I'll leave for Shanghai at nine.     九点钟，我将赴上海。
There's a lot of flu about people are going down (ie catching the disease) like ninepins.     流感正在蔓延--传染的人越来越多.
There are nineteen students in my class.     我班里有十九个学生。
This scientist lived in the nineteenth century.     这位科学家生活在十九世纪。
example sentence not found
He was born in the nineties of the nineteen century.     他生于十九世纪九十年代。
He took the ninth position in his class of forty.     他在40 个人的班级里排第九名。
I nipped my finger in the door.     我的手指被门夹了一下。
The cold wind nipped at her face.     刺骨的寒风吹在她的脸上。
example sentence not found
A nippy fall day.     寒冷的秋天
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He can't understand a general argument, he always asks nitpicking little questions.     他不能理解总的论点，总是问一些无关紧要的枝节问题。
example sentence not found
The soil is enriched with nitrates.     土壤里施了硝酸盐肥料。
Nitrogen forms most of the Earth's air.     地球上空气的大部分成分是氮气。
A gaseous anesthetic, such as nitrous oxide.     气体麻醉剂一种气态的麻醉剂，如二氧化氮
A gaseous anesthetic, such as nitrous oxide.     气体麻醉剂一种气态的麻醉剂，如二氧化氮
Is, as Mr. Nixon said, our prestige at an all time high?     是否如尼克松先生所说，我们的声望正前所未有的高？
No smoking.     禁止吸烟。
example sentence not found
He is remembered for the nobility of his character.     他因品质高尚而被人怀念。
He is a man of noble birth.     他出身贵族。
I've called but nobody answered.     我打过电话了，但是没有人接。
She greeted us with a nod of the head.     她向我们点点头打招呼。
In a network, a route between any two nodes.     网络中任意两个网点之间的一段路由。
example sentence not found
There is so much noise in this restaurant; I can hardly hear you talking.     这个餐厅里太嘈杂了，我几乎听不到你说话。
It's very noisy in this office.     这间办公室里非常吵。
example sentence not found
The chairman is only the nominal ruler of the country.     主席只是那个国家名义上的统治者。
I nominate her to present us at the meeting.     我推荐她代表我们出席会议。
His nomination as chief executive was approved by the board.     他被提名为行政总裁的事被董事会批准了。
example sentence not found
None of the money is mine.     这些钱中没有一文是我的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
What he said is nonsense.     他的话纯粹是胡说。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Chinese food is often served with rice or noodles.     中餐常有米饭或面条.
The visitor left a little before noon.     来访者在中午前一会儿离开了。
He can neither read nor write.     他既不会读也不会写。
Holding the view that the ego is the center, object, and norm of all experience.     自我中心的认为自我是所有的中心、对象和经验的标准的
Everything is absolutely normal.     一切完全正常。
example sentence not found
The editors have normalized the author's rather unusual spelling.     编辑已将作者不太规范的拼写改正过来.
The tendon had been so skillfully grafted in that the boy was able to flex his finger quite normally after four weeks.     腱的接合手术做得非常高明，那个男孩在四个星期之后，就能相当正常地伸屈他的手指了。
China lies to the north of Vietnam.     中国位于越南的北面。
The northeast wind was blowing hard at that time.     那时候东北风刮得正紧。
In the northern hemisphere, spring is in March and April.     在北半球，春季是三月和四月。
example sentence not found
The coast sweeps (away) northwards in a wide curve.     海岸呈一大弧形向北伸展.
The city is located in the northwest part of Canada.     这座城市位于加拿大的西北部。
The Norwegians live in a comparatively cold zone.     挪威人生活在比较寒冷的地区。
Many dogs have a good nose.     多数狗嗅觉都很灵。
Her work is pervaded by nostalgia for a past age.     她的作品充满了怀旧之情。
He dislikes his wide nostrils.     他不喜欢自己的宽大的鼻孔。
Not everyone likes this book.     并不是每个人都喜欢这本书。
I'm not at all satisfied.     我一点也不满意。
He is a notable artist.     他是一位著名的艺术家。
Many students were absent, notably the monitor.     许多学生缺席，特别是连班长也没来。
That notary is authorised to perform the certain legal functions.     公证人被授权执行某些法律职能。
A notation, usually a question mark, calling attention to an item in order to question its validity or accuracy.     疑问号一个记号，通常为问号，以引起对某一事物的注意以便就其有效性或准确性提出质疑
I cut a notch in a stick.     我在一根棍子上刻了一个V字形。
Let me note down your address and telephone number.     让我记下你的地址和电话号码。
Judy bent her face low over the notebook.     朱迪把脸凑近笔记本。
This city is noted for its various bridges.     这个城市因为各种桥梁而著称。
He pulled a wad of 10 notes out of his pocket.     他从衣袋里掏出一沓面额10英镑的钱.
A biographical essay presenting the subject's most noteworthy characteristics and achievements.     人物概评表现主要人物最值得注意的特点和成就的传记性的文章
Nothing ever happens in this town.     这小镇上什么事也没发生过。
Her appearance attracted my notice.     她的外表引起了我的注意。
There's been a noticeable improvement in her handwriting.     她的书法有了明显的进步。
There have been no more notifications of cholera cases in the last week.     上星期已没有霍乱病例的报告.
We'll notify her to draw up a contract.     我们将通知她起草一份合同。
He didn't have a slightest notion of what I meant.     他对我指的是什么没有一点儿概念。
Hitler is a notorious killer.     希特勒是一个臭名昭著的刽子手。
He tried to prevent the marriage but it still took place notwithstanding.     虽然他竭力阻止这桩婚姻，但还是成了事实。
Put two noughts after a seven to make seven hundred.     在7后面加两个零成为700。
There are many nouns in a dictionary.     字典里有很多名词。
Milk is all we need to nourish a small baby.     我们供给婴儿营养只需喂奶就够了。
The patient took no nourishment all day until dinner.     这个病人晚饭前什么东西都没吃。
We are supposed to dress up as movie characters for the party, what a novel idea!     我们在晚会上要装扮得像电影中的角色，这是一个多么新奇的主意啊！
example sentence not found
I dreamed of becoming a novelist.     我梦想成为一个小说家。
The novelty of his surroundings soon wore off.     他对环境的新奇感不久就淡薄了。
This office will open in November.     这个事务所将在十一月开业。
She's a complete novice as a reporter.     她初任记者，完全是个生手。
He was at home just now.     他刚才在家。
Nowadays, the poor student has become a rich man.     如今，那个穷学生成了富人。
That kind of talk will get you nowhere.     说那种话对你没好处。
Noxious chemical wastes.     有毒化学废弃物
example sentence not found
A rich artistic performance, full of nuance.     一场意味深长的艺术表演充满了微妙之处
They decided to establish a nuclear power station.     他们决定修建一所核电站。
These 1000 books will form the nucleus of the new school library.     这一千本书将构成学校新图书馆藏书的基础。
You are a confounded nuisance; stop pestering me.     你这个可恶的东西，别再缠着我了。
The state or quality of being null.     无效无效的状况或性质
How can we nullify the enemy's propaganda?     怎样才能抵销敌人的宣传?
The shock left me numb.     我惊呆了。
The students of our department numbered in the hundreds.     我们系的学生总共有几百人。
Alas, poor duke! the task he undertakes is numbering sands, and drinking oceans dry: Where one on his side fights, thousands will fly.     唉！可怜的公爵！他担负的工作简直是数沙饮海；一个人站在他一边作战，就有1000人转身逃走。
I asked a little boy, how many numerals can you count?     我问一个小孩：“你能数多少个数字?”
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A terminal containing less than a full alphanumeric keyboard; for example, one containing ten numeric keys plus control keys.     一种终端，它的键盘不包括全套的字母数字字符键；例如，只包括十个数字键以及若干控制键。
A pictorial representation of numerical data or relationships, especially a graph, but having each value represented by a proportional number of pictures.     统计图表，象形图用图画表现数字的信息或关系，尤指图表，但用有比例的一定数字的图画来代表每种价值
That kind of bird has become more numerous around here lately.     近来在附近一带那种鸟越来越多了。
The nuns live in the convent.     修女们住在修道院。
My daughter is a nurse.     我女儿是一名护士。
She sent her little son to a nursery when she was working.     她工作的时候就把小儿子送到托儿所。
He wants to take the nurture of that delicate child.     他想去照料那个纤弱的孩子。
I am a Clark Gable nut: I have seen all his films.     我是克拉克・盖博的影迷，我看过他演的所有影片。
Plants absorb minerals and other nutrients from the soil.     植物从泥土中吸收矿物质和其他养料。
This food provides all the nutrition your dog needs.     本食品含有狗所必须的一切营养。
This coat is made of nylon.     这件衣服是尼龙的。
The door is made of oak.     这门是橡木做的。
Many people tried to get their oars in.     许多人都想插一手。
The caravan stopped for the night at an oasis.     旅行队在沙漠中的绿洲停下来过夜。
Repeat the oath after me.     请跟着我宣誓。
Obedience to order is very important in an army.     服从命令在军队中是很重要的。
The dog is obedient to its master's orders.     这只狗听从主人的命令。
Obesity is a problem for many people in western countries.     西方国家很多人都有过度肥胖的问题.
Soldiers are expected to obey their orders without question.     军人应当绝对服从命令。
Some people objected that the new tax law was unfair.     一些人反对说，新税法不公平。
There is no objection to your opening the window.     你开窗没有什么不可以的。
Try to be more objective about it.     尽量更客观地对待此事吧。
The company has to fulfill the terms of its obligation.     这个公司必须履行合同条款。
Be not a visit to Mr. George obligatory?     是不是必须我拜访乔治先生？
I'm much obliged to you.     我非常感谢你。
example sentence not found
Exhibiting a desire or willingness to please; cheerfully obliging.     殷勤的表现出取悦别人意愿的；乐于顺从的
example sentence not found
He drew an oblique line on paper.     他在纸上划了一条斜线。
The criminal obliterated all fingerprints.     罪犯擦掉全部指印。
I was oblivious of my surroundings.     我没有注意到周围的事物。
example sentence not found
I hate his obnoxious behavior.     我恨他那讨厌的品行。
She got an obscene phone call yesterday.     她昨天接到一个下流的电话。
The path grew more obscure in the fading light.     小径在渐渐消失的光线下变得更暗了。
The worker was praised for his observance of the rules.     这个工人因为严格遵守规则而受到了表扬。
The thief escaped observation.     小偷未被人注意。
example sentence not found
I observed him entering the bank with a gun.     我看到他带着枪进了银行。
They sent her there as an observer.     他们派她去那做观察员。
The fear of death obsessed her throughout her old age.     她晚年一直受著死亡恐惧的困扰.
Her commitment to a great cause degenerated from a crusade into an obsession.     她致力於一伟大事业, 但其崇高的奋斗精神已变质成为偏执的狂热.
An abnormally obsessive preoccupation or attachment; a fixation.     迷恋，迷信（物）不正常地萦绕于心头的事物或情感；固恋
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An obsolete locomotive.     一个过时的火车机车
Lack of education is an obstacle of success.     缺乏教育是成功的障碍。
example sentence not found
Her obstetrician could not be present at the birth.     产科医生不能前来为她接生.
The science of childbirth; midwifery or obstetrics.     产科学分娩的科学；助产学或产科学
Sheer obstinacy prevented her from apologizing.     她固执得就是不道歉。
This child is obstinate and rebellious.     这个孩子倔强，难以管束。
Tall trees obstructed his view of the road.     有大树遮挡着，他看不见道路。
Your car is causing an obstruction.     你的汽车挡道了。
Further information can be obtained from our head office.     详细的资料可从我们的总部得到。
Are his records still obtainable?     他的唱片还能买到吗?
The reformation of criminals has produced an obvious result.     对罪犯的改造有了明显的效果。
Obviously, she needs help.     她显然需要帮助。
I only wear a tie on special occasions.     我只在特殊场合才打领带。
I only smoke an occasional cigar.     我只是偶然抽一支雪茄。
You can't have a complete monopoly of the car, I need to use it occasionally.     你不能一人独霸这辆汽车--我偶尔也要用.
example sentence not found
The characteristic traits or customs of Occidental peoples.     西洋风味西方人习惯或品质性格特征
example sentence not found
He returned from Paris and found his office was under someone else's occupation.     他从巴黎回来，发现他的办公室被别人占了。
Reading occupies most of my free time.     阅读占去了我大部分的闲暇时间。
Didn't it occur to you that he was lying?     你当时没想到他在撒谎吗？
An unforeseen event that disrupts the normal course of things; an inopportune occurrence.     意外扰乱事物正常进程的意外事件；不凑巧发生之事
This creature lives in the depth of the ocean.     这种生物生活在海洋深处。
Is Australia part of Oceania?     澳大利亚是在大洋洲吗？
example sentence not found
It's eleven o'clock now.     现在是十一点钟。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
October first is the National Day of China.     十月一日是中国的国庆节。
He does odd jobs for me from time to time.     他有时给我干点零活。
The horse was running at odds of ten to one.     那匹马参赛赔率是十比一。
example sentence not found
My room is filled with the odor of roses.     我的房间里充满了玫瑰花的香味。
What he had done put him in better odour.     他的所作所为使他的名声得到改善。
A drug mentioned in the Odyssey as a remedy for grief.     忘忧药奥德赛中提到的一种药，作为一种医治忧愁的药剂
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Many of the students came from other countries.     学生中许多人来自其他国家。
Please turn the light off before leaving the room.     离开房间前，请把灯关掉。
One cannot hear such a remark without taking offence.     听了这样的话，谁都会生气的。
Some criminals are likely to offend again when they are released.     有些罪犯被释放后有可能重新犯罪。
He was offended that we didn't agree with him.     我们不同意他的观点，他生气了。
They don't usually imprison first offenders.     他们通常不监禁初次犯罪的人。
The best defense is offense.     先下手为强/以攻为守。
I found him extremely offensive.     我发现他非常令人讨厌。
He offered his seat to me.     他把座位让给了我。
example sentence not found
The act or practice of offering, giving, or taking a bribe.     行贿，受贿提供、给予或取得贿赂的行为或实践
On the wall of his office was a large map.     在他办公室的墙上是一幅大地图。
His father is a customs officer.     他父亲是一位海关官员。
An official of the local government called to see him.     当地政府一位官员来看他。
This new library was officially opened last week.     这家新图书馆上星期正式落成起用。
Higher mortgage rates are partly offset by increased tax allowances.     抵押款提高了，其中一部分可由免税额增加而抵消。
A ship that ran aground; a ship aground offshore.     搁浅的轮船；在岸边搁浅的轮船
How do parents pass genes on to their offspring?     父母是怎样把基因遗传给自己的子女的？
How often do you go there?     你多长时间去一次那里？
Oh, what a lie!     啊，真是弥天大谎！
example sentence not found
The price of oil has gone up.     石油的价格已经上涨了。
Is that OK?     这样可以吗？
Have they given you their OK?     他们同意你了吗？
Don't play old tricks!     别玩老一套的把戏了！
The olive branch is the emblem of peace.     橄榄枝是和平的象征。
Which events is he going in for at the Olympics?     他参加奥林匹克运动会的什麽项目?
The crow is a bird of ill omen.     乌鸦是不祥的预兆。
Those black clouds look a bit ominous.     乌云压顶，来势不妙。
She complained about the omission of her name from the list.     她抱怨名单上遗漏了她的名字。
He omitted to state his reasons.     他未叙述自己的理由。
He went on with his work.     他继续他的工作。
He stopped playing the piano at once.     他立刻停止了弹钢琴。
Located in or facing the path of an oncoming glacier. Used of a geologic formation.     冰川运动路线的位于或面对冰川运动路线的。用于地质构造
If only problems would come one at a time!     要是问题一次只发生一个该多好！
It is not always easy to amuse oneself on holiday.     让自己在假期里自娱并不总是容易的。
He interrupted the ongoing discussion and announced a notice.     他打断正在进行的讨论，宣读了一项通知。
I don't like the taste of onion.     我不喜欢洋葱的味道。
You may use an online printer to print out the data.     你可以使用联机打印机把数据打印出来。
By the time the ambulance had arrived, a crowd of onlookers had gathered.     救护车赶到时, 围观的人已经很多了.
I saw him only yesterday.     我昨天才见到他。
He met many difficulties at the first onset.     在一开始时，他遇到了许多困难。
He jumped onto the table.     他跳上了桌子。
The ship sailed onward.     船向前航行。
The ship sailed onward.     船向前航行。
Opals are milky gems.     蛋白石是乳白色的宝石.
I felt his report was deliberately opaque.     我觉得他的报告故意含糊其词。
You may open a current account at a bank.     你可以在银行开立一个活期帐户。
For openers we'll get rid of this old furniture.     我们首先要把这些旧家具搬走。
There is an opening in the hedge.     这篱笆上有个洞。
He speaks more and more openly about his problem.     他越来越公开地谈他的问题，
They planned to go to the opera this Sunday.     他们计划这个星期天去看歌剧演出。
example sentence not found
The surgeon operated on her for appendicitis.     外科医生为她做阑尾切除手术。
Consisting of or operating several devices of one kind at the same time.     同时操作的同时操作某类部件或由某一类部件组成的
The surgeon is performing a delicate operation.     那位外科医生正在做一个很精细的手术。
Is the machine operational yet?     这台机器可投入运转了吗？
The station will be operative again in January.     该车站将於一月份恢复使用.
I am a computer operator.     我是一名计算机操作人员。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Public opinion is against him.     舆论对他不利。
example sentence not found
It's illegal to sell opium in our country.     在我们国家，卖鸦片是违法的。
His opponent did not stand a chance.     他的对手毫无取胜的机会。
It's an opportune rain.     这是一场及时雨。
There were many opportunists and few men of principle.     机会主义者多, 坚持原则的人绝无仅有.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for their hard work on the project.     我愿借此机会感谢每一位为这个项目辛勤工作的人。
Having four feet with opposable first digits, as primates other than human beings.     四足如手的有四足和与其他脚趾相对的第一个足趾的；如除人类以外的灵长类动物
They opposed the government's new policies.     他们反对政府的新政策。
I am here on business as opposed to a holiday.     我在这里是办公事而不是度假。
The moon gravitates to the earth, but is held in its path by opposing forces from other bodies in space.     月球为地球所吸引，但由于宇宙空间中其他天体相反的引力，月球保持了固定的轨道。
Black and white are opposites.     黑和白相反。
We found ourselves in opposition to our friends on this question.     我们发现在这个问题上我们与我们的朋友立场相 反。
The king oppressed his people with terrible taxes and punishments.     国王以苛捐杂税和严刑来压迫人民。
The low ceiling of the room gave me a feeling of oppression.     低矮的屋顶给我一种压抑的感觉。
It's oppressive today.     今天的天气令人难受。
Our people are suffering at the hands of an oppressor.     我们的人民正在暴君的统治下受苦。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He opted to go to Paris rather than London.     他决定去巴黎, 不去伦敦.
His optic nerve was hurt in an accident.     他的视神经在一次事故中受到损伤。
Microscopes and telescopes are optical instruments.     望远镜和显微镜是光学仪器。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The optician said I needed new glasses.     验光师说我需要配新眼镜.
He is well versed in the science of optics.     他精通光学。
The ergonomics of the new office were felt to be optimal.     新办公室工效设计因素感觉十分理想
Pessimism, when you get used to it, is just as agreeable as optimism.     悲观主义者，当你习惯它之后，就和乐观主义者一样令人惬意了。
The man who is a pessimist before forty-eight knows too much; the man who is an optimist after forty-eight knows too little.     未逾四十八岁的悲观主义者，是知道得太多之人；而年逾四十八岁的乐观主义者，是知道得太少之人。
A person regarded as being foolishly or blindly optimistic.     过分乐观者，盲目乐观者被视为愚蠢地或盲目地乐观的人
It also incorporate new optimization specific to particular server and local database format.     它也把新的优化细节合并到特殊服务器与本地数据库格式中。
example sentence not found
Most favorable or desirable; optimum.     最理想的最适宜的，最令人满意的，最优的
Don't take the job now keep your options open until you leave university.     先别接受这份工作－－暂时保留选择权，到离开这所大学再说。
The insurance cover is optional.     保险范围可以随意选择。
example sentence not found
I don't care whether I get it or not.     我不在乎我是否可以得到它。
He will take an oral examination.     他将接受口试。
There are some oranges on the table.     桌子上有几个橘子。
The spacecraft is in orbit around the moon.     该航天器在绕月球轨道运行。
My uncle has an apple orchard.     我叔叔拥有一个苹果园。
An orchestra usually plays classical music.     管弦乐队通常演奏古典音乐。
His courage was severely tried by his ordeal.     他的勇气在艰难困苦中经受了严峻的考验。
The items are listed in order of importance.     这些项目是根据其重要性排列的。
Nobody is ordering you to some to work, but it will be on your own head if the job is not finished on time.     没有人命令你来工作，要是这活儿到时候没有干完，那就得由你们负责了。
Orderly and clean; tidy.     整洁的整齐的，清洁的；干净的
The ordinal number matching the number15 in a series.     第十五在一系列中排在第十五的序数
Ordinarily, I find this job easy, but today I'm having problems.     平时我认为这工作很容易，岂知今日却有了问题。
Our ordinary workday is eight hours.     我们正常的工作日是8小时。
This is an area rich in ore.     这里是个矿产丰富的地区。
The heart is a vital organ.     心脏是维持生命必须的器官。
I am not good at organic chemistry.     我的有机化学学得不好。
Germs may invade the organism.     细菌会侵入有机体。
The organization of such a large-scale party takes a lot of time and energy.     组织这样大规模的聚会要花费许多时间和精力。
example sentence not found
The meeting was badly organized.     会议组织得很糟。
In the market, I breathed the smells of the Orient.     在集市上，我闻到了东方的气息。
This oriental legend is fascinating.     这个东方传说很吸引人。
The mountaineers found it difficult to orientate themselves in the fog.     登山的人在浓雾中难以确定自己的方位.
The unconscious perception of movement and spatial orientation arising from stimuli within the body itself.     本体感受由身体本身的内部刺激引起的对于运动和空间定向的不自觉的感受
In this way, the object is given both data properties and behaviors, and so object oriented programs can better reflect the real world they are trying to simulate.     通过这种方式，对象被赋予数据特征和行为，因此，使用面向对象程序能够更好地反映程序欲模拟的现实世界。
He is a Dane by origin.     他原籍丹麦。
The original owner of the house moved out.     房子原先的主人搬出去了。
The work lacks originality.     那作品缺乏创造性。
The idea originally emanated from his brother.     这个主意最初是他哥哥出的.
The quarrel originated in rivalry between the two families.     这次争吵是两家不和引起的。
We bought some ornaments for the Christmas tree.     我们买了一些装饰品来点缀圣诞树。
I've just dropped one of your china ornamental.     我刚才把你的一个瓷器装饰品弄掉了。
She was orphaned at the age of ten.     她在十岁时成为孤儿。
Orthodox Christian churches often have elaborate steeples.     传统的基督教堂都有精致的尖塔。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He oscillates between political extremes.     他的政治观点在两个极端之间摇摆不定.
Her oscillations in mood are maddening.     她喜怒无常能把人气疯。
example sentence not found
Shrinkage or contraction of the protoplasm away from the wall of a living plant or bacterial cell, caused by loss of water through osmosis.     胞质皱缩通过渗透作用由于缺水引起的活植细胞或细菌的细胞质的皱缩或收缩，并与细胞壁分离
Seeming or professed; ostensible.     假装的表面上的或自称的；貌似真实的
Exhibiting no pretensions, boastfulness, or ostentation; modest.     不装腔作势的不装腔作势的，不夸耀的；不铺张招摇的；谦逊
She is more clever than the other girls in her class.     她比班上其他任何女孩子都聪明。
Some are wise, some are otherwise.     有些人聪明，有些人则不然。
You ought to be more careful, you know.     你应该小心一点，知道吗？
He tried to open the door by using every ounce of his strength.     他用尽全部力气想把门打开。
That's not our business.     那事与我们不相干。
Your house is much bigger than ours.     你们的房子比我们的大多了。
We finished the job all by ourselves.     我们全靠自己完成了这项工作。
The umpire ousted the arguing player from the game.     裁判员将那位不服判决的运动员罚下场。
He took out a book from the case.     他从箱子里拿出一本书。
example sentence not found
There has been an outbreak of typhoid.     那儿正爆发伤寒。
He was treated as an outcast.     他遭到被人赶出似的对待。
What was the outcome of your meeting?     你们会晤的结果如何?
There was a great outcry about the construction of the new airport.     公众强烈反对修建该机场。
What Manchester thinks today the world will think tomorrow,  is not an outdated belief. The old parochial outlook has become a world view.     小范围的思想、言论很快就会变成大范围的思想、言论并非过时的信条。昔日的那个地方范围的观点已成了一种世界范围的观点。
She outdid all her classmates.     她超过她的所有同班同学。
Children like outdoor activities.     孩子们喜欢户外活动。
Children of all ages should be outdoors several hours a day.     各个年龄段的孩子每天都应户外活动几个小时。
These creatures were believed to have come from outer space.     据信这种生物来自外太空。
example sentence not found
The company will provide the sports outfits for all the players.     这家公司将为所有运动员提供全套运动服装。
She's very outgoing.     她非常爱好交际。
Let's go for an outing.     我们郊游去。
example sentence not found
How Harry came into the possession of this outlandish stuff makes an interesting story which he is fond of relating.     哈里如何得到这种稀奇古怪的东西，是一个他津津乐道的有趣的故事。
Bands of outlaws lived in the desolate mountains after breaking the laws.     成群的歹徒犯法后栖身于荒山中。
The act or process of expending; outlay.     支出支付的行为或过程；花费
They found some new outlets for their products.     他们为自己的产品找到了一些新的市场。
He saw the outline of a building against the sky.     他看到天边一幢建筑物的轮廓。
The first lecture introduces new students to the broad outlines of the subject.     第一堂课是让新同学概括地了解这一科目.
An American university president once commented that Einstein has created a new outlook, a new view of the universe.     一位美国大学校长曾经评论说爱因斯坦创立了一种新的观点，即一种新的宇宙观。
They live on the outskirts (ie in an outlying district) of Paris.     他们住在巴黎市郊.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We were completely outnumbered by the enemy.     在数量上我们完全被敌人压倒。
example sentence not found
The average output of the factory is 20 cars a day.     该工厂的平均产量是每天20辆汽车。
We should never forget the outrage committed by the Japanese invaders.     我们永远都不应该忘记日本侵略者犯下的暴行。
His treatment of his wife is outrageous.     他对待妻子十分蛮横。
I bought a house outright.     我以一次付款方式买了一栋房子。
The start or initial stage; the outset.     开始，开端开始或初始阶段
He has a rough outside, but a good heart.     他外表粗鲁，心地善良。
Although she's lived there for ten years, the villagers still treat her as an outsider.     她虽然在那儿住了十年, 村里人仍视她如外人.
Presently she recognized that she was already in the outskirts of the city.     不久她看出，她已经到达这座城市的郊区。
Hans got in bad with some of his friends because of his outspoken opposition to the war.     汉斯因为坦率地反对这场战争，使得他的一些朋友不再喜欢他了。
Superior to or notable above all others; outstanding.     突出的高于所有其他的或比所有人都显著的；杰出的
Demand is outstripping current production.     现在需求逐渐超过了生产能力.
On no account should we cut down the outturn.     我们绝不可以把产量降低。
The two things are the same in outward form but different in essence.     那两样东西在外表上相同，但在本质上不同。
The door opened outwards.     这门是朝外开的。
The advantages far outweigh the disadvantages in this case.     这件事上，利远大于弊。
The playing field is a large oval.     球场很大，呈椭圆形。
The singer got a ten-minute standing ovation.     观众起立向那位歌手鼓掌达十分钟.
It is like an oven in here; please open the window.     这里热得象火炉，请把窗户打开。
The meeting is over.     会议结束了。
There's been an overall improvement recently.     近来各方面都有所改进。
It's a bit overcast; it might rain.     天有点阴，可能下雨。
We were overcharged for the eggs.     我们的鸡蛋买贵了.
I took off my overcoat since it was warm.     天气很暖和，我就把大衣脱了。
Can you overcome your shortcomings?     你可以克服你的缺点吗？
He's been overdoing things recently.     近来他做事过分努力.
He has a huge overdraft to pay off.     他有一大笔透支要偿还.
Overdraw a bow.     把弓拉得过紧
Please let us have your check for the$60 now past overdue.     迟付的60美元，请速予寄下为荷。
I overestimated his abilities he's finding the job very difficult.     我过高估计了他的能力--现在他觉得工作非常困难.
Any users of credit may overextend themselves.     每个贷款使用者都有可能作出不自量力的事。
Overflow patients lay on the floors and in the corridors.     容纳不下的病人躺在地上和走廊里。
The engine is due for an overhaul.     那台发动机该大修了.
Their office is in central Beijing, so their overhead is very high.     他们的办事处设在北京市中心，所以他们的日常开支很大。
I overheard some cruel remarks about him.     我无意中听到了一些议论他的粗鲁的话。
Fill your radiator with water, or your engine will overheat.     给你的散热器充水，否则引擎会过热。
She was overjoyed to hear about the arrival of the baby.     她听说婴儿出生而欣喜若狂.
There is no question of overlap between the two courses.     这两门课程之间不存在重叠的问题。
Having the edges overlapping in a regular arrangement, as roof tiles or the scales of a fish.     鳞状叠覆的具有规则安排的叠盖边缘的，如瓦片或鱼鳞
A polar projection of half or more of the celestial sphere on a chart equipped with an adjustable overlay to show the stars visible at a particular time and place.     星座一览图天体球的一半或多半在平面图上的极投影图，这种图具有可调节的遮蔽物以显示在给定时刻和位置可见的恒星
The lights fused because the system was overloaded with electrical appliances.     电灯灭了, 因线路上用电器超负荷把保险丝烧断了.
They overlooked the enormous risks involved.     他们忽略了暗含的巨大危险。
She became a celebrity overnight.     她一下变成名人了。
Is that why they're constructing so many underpasses, overpasses and highways?     那就是他们建这么多天桥、地下通道和公路的原因吗？
example sentence not found
The president vetoed the bill, but congress override his veto.     总统否决了议案，但国会将它推翻。
The lecturer overran by ten minutes.     演讲人超过规定时间十分钟。
The overseas trade has become the main project.     海外贸易成为主要的项目。
He was happy to return home after living overseas for two years.     生活在海外两年后回到了家他感到愉快。
You must employ someone to oversee the project.     你得雇个人监督这一工程.
Through an unfortunate oversight your letter was left unanswered.     由于令人遗憾的疏忽，未能给你回信。
Overt hostility; overt intelligence gathering.     公然的敌意；公众智慧的结晶
The murderer was overtaken in his crime.     杀人犯当场被捕。
The overthrow of that lawful regime has resulted in a series of riot.     合法政权的被推翻导致一连串的暴乱。
He was cruel to make them work overtime.     他要他们加班工作, 真是残酷。
The audience must be in their seats before the overture.     观众必须于序曲演奏前入座。
The revolutionist planned to overturn this puppet regime.     革命者计划推翻傀儡政府。
The general manager gave us an overview of the company's marketing plans for the coming year.     总经理扼要介绍了公司明年的销售计划。
The baggage is two kilos overweight.     那件行李超重两公斤。
Your kindness quite overwhelmed me.     你的好意使我感激难言。
Our football team has won an overwhelming victory.     我们的足球队取得了压倒性的胜利。
His illness grew out of his tendency to overwork.     他的病是由于工作过度所致。
Send or receiving a new snapshot overwrite the previous image.     发送或接收一幅新的快照会覆盖前面的图象。
She didn't mean to offend you; she was overwrought.     她无意得罪你, 她是情绪不好.
I owe a lot to my wife and children.     我很感激我的妻子和孩子。
Owing to the rain, the match was cancelled.     由于下雨，取消了比赛。
I can hear an owl hooting.     我能听到一只猫头鹰在叫。
He owns he was wrong.     他承认他错了。
I am the owner of this house.     我是这所房子的主人。
Ownership of property involves great expense.     拥有房地产要有很大的开销。
The flesh of a slaughtered full-grown steer, bull, ox, or cow.     牛肉宰杀了的完全成长的阉牛、未阉割的牛、公牛或母牛的肉
An oxide containing three oxygen atoms per molecule.     三氧化物每个分子中含有三个氧原子的氧化物
Iron is easily oxidized.     铁很容易氧化。
She died from lack of oxygen.     她因缺氧而死。
The man is as dumb as an oyster.     那人极少说话。
The pollution had destroyed ozone layer and caused many changes in weather.     污染破坏了臭氧层，并引起了许多天气变化。
The film director put the new actor through his paces.     电影导演测试了一下那位新演员的演技。
Implant a pacemaker; implant a drug capsule.     植入一个起搏器；植入一个药物胶囊
The night was pacific.     黑夜静悄悄的。
In spite of my efforts to pacify it the baby continued to cry/continued crying.     尽管我已尽力哄这婴儿, 可是他还是哭个不停.
An englishman think seated, a frenchman, standing, an american, pacing, an irishman, afterward.     英国人坐着想，法国人站着想，美国人走着想，爱尔兰人事后才想。
The traveler took out a bottle of water from the pack on his back.     那位旅行者从他的背包中拿出了一瓶水。
He packaged up his old clothes and put them in the cupboard.     他把旧衣服包成一包放在橱里。
A small piece, as of polystyrene, used in quantity to protect items during packaging and shipment.     保护物品的小片大量用于包装及运输中保护物品的一种小片，如聚苯乙烯
I bought him a packet of sugar.     我给他买了一袋糖果。
I think you'll find the packing beautiful and quite well-done.     您一定发现我们产品的包装美观讲究。
The two opposition parties made an electoral pact.     这两个反对党达成了一项关于在选举中进行合作的协议。
The nurse put a clean pad of cotton over his wound.     护士在他的伤口上敷了一块干净的纱布垫。
A silky fiber obtained from the fruit of the silk-cotton tree and used for insulation and as padding in pillows, mattresses, and life preservers.     木棉一种绢状纤维，从木棉树的果实中提取出来，用作隔音材料，也可用作枕头，褥垫和救生用具中的垫料
She lay at the side of the pool and paddled in the water with her fingers.     她躺在池子边上，用手指玩水。
Paging Grey Wood, would you go to reception please?     格林伍德先生，请到服务台去一下。
We are all invited to take part in the pageant.     我们全都被邀请参加这次盛典。
example sentence not found
Paging Grey Wood, would you go to reception please?     格林伍德先生，请到服务台去一下。
Will you carry a pail of water out of the well?     你愿意从井里打桶水吗？
He spares no pains to study English.     他不辞劳苦地学习英语。
It was painful to admit that I was wrong.     要我承认错了，是很费力的。
An instrument that in a painless and noninvasive manner uses the differential transmission and reflection of ultrasonic waves to create a detailed visual image of the brain.     超声波心动描记器一种用来显示详细的大脑图象的仪器，利用超声波发送和反射的差异来测试并无伤无痛
No gains without pains.     st. 不劳无获.
Planned or executed with painstaking attention to numerous parts or details.     精心制作的对众多部分或细节给予精心注意的计划或制作的
Who painted this picture?     这幅画是谁画的？
Hand the paintbrush up to Father on the ladder.     把漆刷递上去交给梯子上的父亲。
He is a portrait painter.     他是一个肖像画家。
There are three paintings on the wall.     墙上有三幅画。
The teacher paired us off for the purpose of the exercise.     为了做练习，老师把我们分成一对一对。
Cuff-links are only sold in pairs.     袖扣论对卖.
example sentence not found
The Palace won't like all this gossip.     国王不会喜欢这些流言蜚语的。
The truth is not always very palatable.     事实真相并非尽如人意.
She paled at the sight of the blood.     她一看到血就脸色苍白。
Developer can install ole control onto the palette or choose from among the ole control include in delphi2.0.     开发者们可以把OLE控制安装到调色板上或从包括在Delphi2。0中的OLE控制中选择。
The goalkeeper just managed to palm the ball over the crossbar.     守门员用手掌将球托出了球门的横木。
example sentence not found
They pamper themselves after a hard day at work.     他们劳累工作一日之后放纵自己。
He gave me a pamphlet for my call numbers.     他给了我一个小册子记录电话号码。
I am cooking apple pies with my newly bought frying pan.     我正在用我新买的煎锅做苹果馅饼。
A medieval chemical philosophy having as its asserted aims the transmutation of base metals into gold, the discovery of the panacea, and the preparation of the elixir of longevity.     炼金术，炼丹术中世纪的一种化学哲学。其声称的目标是将一些基本金属转变为金子，发现万灵药及制备长生不老药
The pancreas can produce substances which help in the digestion of food.     胰脏能产生助消化的物质。
Pandas are loved by people all over the world.     熊猫被全世界的人们喜爱。
The pane of glass was broken by a football.     一块玻璃被足球打碎了。
This ceiling has a carved panel.     这块天花板带有刻花镶板。
Don't panic!     别怕!
From the summit there is a superb panorama of the alps.     从峰巅俯瞰，阿尔卑斯山壮丽的景色尽收眼底。
example sentence not found
We began to pant before we reached the top of hill.     我们在到达山顶之前已经在喘气了。
A panther was killed.     一头美洲狮被杀了。
He wanted to find some wine in the pantry.     他想在餐具室里找到一些酒。
She wears the pants in her family.     她是家里掌权的人。
The teacher is reading Tom's English paper.     老师正在审阅汤姆的英语答卷。
Because large sum of metal money is heaved and inconvenient to handle, government issue paper money.     因为大量金属货币使用起来笨重不方便，政府便发行了纸币。
We are doing a special promotion of our paperback list.     我们正在搞推销平装书的特别宣传活动.
Who messed up my papers?     谁把我的文件搞得乱七八糟？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
As a writer she was on a par with the great novelists.     她是与伟大小说家齐名的作家。
When his parachute failed he thought he was a goner.     他的降落伞打不开了, 他想他算完了.
The strikers paraded through the city center.     罢工队伍游行穿过市中心。
Hong Kong is a travellers' paradise.     香港是旅游者的乐园。
It is a paradox that such a rich country should have so many poor people living in it.     如此富足的国家竟有如此多的穷人, 这是个矛盾的现实.
Look at the second paragraph on page fifteen.     请看第十五页的第二段。
My experience in this matter is parallel to yours.     在这件事情上，我的经验和你的类似。
The electricity failure paralysed the water supply.     停电使水供应陷于瘫痪。
A person affected with paralysis.     瘫痪病者，麻痹患者患麻痹症的人
The electricity failure paralyzed the water supply.     停电使水供应陷于瘫痪。
We have to work within the parameters of time and budget.     我们工作受时间和财力所限.
The reduction of unemployment should be paramount.     降低失业率应是头等大事。
Relating to, characteristic of, or affected with paranoia.     类偏执狂的，有偏执狂特征的与偏执症有关的、有其特征的或有此症状的
All my fishing paraphernalia is in the car.     我的鱼具都在汽车里.
Paraphrase the following passage into two paragraphs.     把下面这一节文章意译成两段。
The mistletoe plant is a parasite on trees.     槲寄生是寄生在树上的植物。
He parceled up the books.     他把书打成了包。
I beg your pardon.     对不起；请原谅。
My parents have gone to Hangzhou for holiday.     我父母已经去杭州度假了。
In assembler programming, one or more operation represented by a combination of terms and paired parentheses.     汇编程序设计中，用项和括号对的组合所代表的一个或多个操作。
The statistics were given in parenthesis.     统计数字在括号里.
Paris is the capital of France.     巴黎是法国的首都。
Don't worry about the printing; that's my parish.     别担心打印的事，那是我的工作范围。
The two currencies have now reached parity.     这两种货币现已达到同等价值。
I often take my children to play in the park.     我经常带我的孩子们去公园玩。
We encouraged the Smiths before leaving the parking lot.     在离开停车场之前, 我们鼓励了史密斯一家。
The Conservative Party won 230 seats in Parliament.     保守党在议会获得了230 个席位。
My sister goes to a beauty parlor once a week.     我妹妹每周去一次美容院。
The trial was a parody of justice.     这次审判是对公正的一次拙劣的模拟
He talks like a parrot and just repeats what he heard.     他只是鹦鹉学舌，拾人牙慧罢了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I hope we can part as friends.     我希望我们和和气气地分手。
His manner partakes of insolence.     他的态度带有几分傲慢。
His partial attitude called forth a lot of criticism.     他的偏袒态度招致了不少批评。
A partiality or disposition in favor of something; a preference.     偏爱，偏袒偏爱或喜欢事物的性情；偏爱
He was only partially to blame for the accident.     他对事故只应负部分责任。
Select the place where you want to point the camera(each participant, whiteboard, etc.).     选择想要瞄准的摄像机位置（每一位参加者，白板等）。
Everyone in the class is expected to participate in the discussion.     希望全班同学参加讨论。
We win the game because of his participation.     由于他的参与，我们赢了比赛。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We can see the dust particles floating in the sunlight clearly.     我们可以很清楚地看到阳光下的灰尘颗粒。
There was nothing in the letter of particular importance.     这封信里没有什么特别重要的事。
example sentence not found
He isn't particularly smart.     他并不特别聪明。
I don't want to go into particulars about the meeting now, I'll tell you al the details later.     现在我不想详细谈（有关会议的情况），以后我会告诉你全部细节。
Pulverized particulate matter ejected by volcanic eruption.     火山灰火山爆发喷射出来的粉末状颗粒物质
He remembered her parting kiss in the following years.     在以后的岁月中，他一直记着她临别时的一吻。
It is the partisan who drove the enemy forces out of our country.     是游击队员把敌人从我们国家赶出去的。
I could hear what he was saying on the phone through the partition.     我能隔着墙听见他在电话里说了些什么。
What you say is partly true.     你说的有几分是真实的。
Are you sure you want him to be your partner?     你肯定你想要他作你的终身伴侣吗？
I enter into partnership with him to do export business.     我与他合伙做出口生意。
There is a dish of partridge at supper.     晚饭时有一盘鹧鸪做的菜。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He was admitted to the Party last year.     他去年入党了。
The parvenu invited guests but they all hung off.     这个暴发户邀请了客人，但是他们都不愿意去。
Courses taken that would be useful for computer programming are: Computer science, systems design and analysis, FORTRAN programming, PASCAL programming, operating systems, systems management.     对计算机编程有用的课程有：计算机学、系统设计与分析、FORTRAN编程学、PASCAL编程学、操作系统、系统管理。
I passed the store on my way to the library.     我在去图书馆的路上经过了那家商店。
Fairly good; passable.     尚好的，较好的；过得去的
The bridge is not strong enough to allow the passage of vehicles.     这座桥不够牢固，车辆不能通行。
A musical bell softly sounded somewhere in the passageway.     走廊的某处响起轻柔悦耳的铃声。
example sentence not found
I'm beginning to find her novels rather passe.     我逐渐觉得她的小说格调陈旧.
The train carries many passengers.     火车载着许多旅客。
Her queer way of dressing attracted the attention of the passerby.     她古怪的着装方式引起了过路人的注意。
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.     诗人表达了他对所爱的女子火一般的激情。
His passionate speech had an effect on our emotions.     他的热情的演讲打动了我们的感情。
He is passionately opposed to racial discrimination.     他极端反对种族歧视.
He played a passive role in the marriage.     他在婚姻中扮演了一个被动的角色。
example sentence not found
I hold a French passport.     我持有法国护照。
A secret sign or signal to be given to a sentry in order to obtain passage; a password.     暗号为通过岗哨而必须给出的秘密记号或口令；暗语
Our country has a glorious past.     我们的国家有一段光辉的历史。
Medium-sized tubular pasta.     意大利通心粉中等大小的管状面食
Would you like some tomato paste?     你要西红柿酱吗？
She works in (ie uses) pastels.     她用彩色粉笔作画.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He has a gift for pastiche.     他有模仿他人作品的天赋.
My favorite pastime is reading.     我最喜爱的消遣是读书。
A governing body of pastors and elders in certain Reformed churches, having jurisdiction over local churches.     长老监督会一些改革派教会的由牧师和长老组成的管理机构，有对地区教会的裁决权
The picture showed a charming pastoral scene of cows drinking from a stream.     这幅画表现了牛在溪边饮水的迷人的田园风光。
You eat too much pastry.     你吃的点心太多了。
We have put our cattle out to pasture.     我们已经把牛放到牧场上吃草去了。
example sentence not found
Snowflakes were patting against the window.     雪花轻轻拍打着窗户。
The boy's trousers need a patch on the knee.     这孩子的裤子膝盖上需要打个补丁。
example sentence not found
In my patched jeans and torn leather jacket I felt like a fish out of water amongst all those elegantly-dressed people.     我穿着打补丁的裤子和破旧的皮茄克，和这些衣冠楚楚的人在一起，觉得一点也不自在。
A small piece of cloth used for patchwork.     补钉一小片用来修补用的布
A horse with patchy markings of white and another color.     杂色马，花马一匹有白色或另外一种色斑的马
He has a shiny bald pate.     他是个亮光光的秃顶。
He got a patent for this invention.     他获得了这项发明的专利权。
In the Patent Office, we still have millions of ideas that are free for use.     在专利局, 我们还有许多的想法没有付诸实施。
The employees resented the bosses' paternal attitude.     雇员们讨厌老板家长式的管理态度。
example sentence not found
Paternity case; paternity suit.     父亲血缘案例；父亲血缘诉讼案
Their daily trips through the jungle have made a path in the thick undergrowth.     他们每天往返穿过丛林，已在茂密的矮丛中踩出了一条小路。
His tears were pathetic to witness.     他的眼泪引起在场人的怜悯。
example sentence not found
Inherited, acquired, or induced resistance to infection by a specific pathogen.     免疫力遗传的、后天的或诱发的对特定的病原感染的抵抗能力
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A localized pathological change in a bodily organ or tissue.     机能障碍，器官损害身体内器官或组织局部的病理转变
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The play is notable for the pathos of its final scene.     该剧以最后一场的哀婉动人而著称。
The pathway was rough and covered with little stones.     这条路高低不平，铺满了小石头。
His rudeness was beyond my patience.     他的粗暴使我无法忍受。
I think I am quite a patient person.     我认为我是一个相当有耐心的人。
The children waited patiently in expectation of (ie expecting) the magician.     孩子们耐心地等待著魔术师.
example sentence not found
A veranda or roofed patio.     门廊走廊或有顶棚的天井
He speaks the local patois.     他会说当地方言.
Her patriarch is strict with her.     她的家长对她要求很严。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We could call in on Patrick on the way to your mother's.     我们到你母亲家去, 不妨顺路到帕特里克家串个门儿.
example sentence not found
She is a patriot to her country.     她热爱她的祖国。
His patriotic action raised our admiration.     他的爱国行为激起了我们的敬佩。
We are all deeply moved by his patriotism.     我们都被他的爱国精神深深感动了。
They laid an ambush for the enemy patrol.     他们埋伏起来准备伏击巡逻的敌人。
This store has many patrons.     这家商店有许多老顾客。
We thank you for your patronage.     我们谢谢您的惠顾。
The restaurant is patronized by politicians and journalists.     这家饭馆常有政治家和记者光顾.
The falling leaves pattered against the windowpanes.     落叶嗒塔地打在玻璃窗上。
This cloth has a pattern of blue and white squares.     这种布有蓝白格子的图案。
I made some patties for them.     我给他们做了一些小馅饼。
example sentence not found
His Holiness Pope John Paul II was welcomed by the crowd.     尊敬的保罗教皇陛下受到人群的欢迎。
Paula turned everything in the house upside-down when she was trying to find her missing necklace.     波拉在寻找她丢失的项链时，把屋子里的所有东西翻得乱七八糟。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An impoverished person; a pauper.     穷人贫困的人；贫民
I'd like to pause in my talk.     我想暂时谈到这里。
This agreement will pave the way for a lasting peace.     这个协议将为持久和平铺路。
No parking on the pavement.     人行道/路面上不许停车。
The reception was held in a pavilion on the lawn.     招待会在草地中的亭子里举行。
Mixed asphalt and crushed stone gravel or sand, used for paving or roofing.     沥青混泥土碎石或沙子与沥青的混合物，用于铺路或封层顶
The kitten has very soft paws.     小猫的爪子很软。
example sentence not found
The painter had to pawn his watch to pay for a meal.     这位画家不得不把表当掉买顿饭吃。
Having paid off the pawnbroker, I now had my watch out of hock.     偿还了当铺老板的债，我赎回了自己的手表。
The manager wouldn't pay him his wages.     经理不肯把工资付给他。
L/c is payable against your draft.     信用证凭汇票付款。
I hope he went fishing and comes back tomorrow, but I wouldn't bet my paycheck on it,  said state police superintendent Clinton Pagano….     州警察局长帕加诺说，我希望他钓鱼去了，明天就回来。但是我可不愿意拿我的薪水打赌（并无十分把握）。……
Every payday he gangs one on.     没有哪个发薪日他不是喝得醉醺醺的。
example sentence not found
The government should have increased family allowances and clawed it back from rich tax payers.     政府本来应该增加家庭津贴并向富有的纳税人收回这笔支出。
They demand prompt payment.     他们要求立即付款。
example sentence not found
The company only exists on payouts from the government.     这个公司仅靠政府救济补贴生存。
The firm's payroll has one field for gross pay and one for net pay.     公司工资单上一部分是原工资，一部分是实发工资。
Maintenance of PC is in my element.     我对电脑的维修保养很在行。
example sentence not found
The sisters are as alike as two peas.     两姐妹长得一模一样。
Please let me do my work in peace.     请让我安静地工作。
I was pleased to see how peaceable the horse had become.     我很高兴地看到这匹马变得这么温顺。
China is a peaceful country.     中国是一个爱好和平的国家。
The baby was slumbering peacefully.     孩子睡得正香.
example sentence not found
The beauty of the peach blossom is beyond description.     桃花的美丽难以形容。
Peacocks are more beautiful than peahens.     雄孔雀要比雌孔雀漂亮。
Peacocks are more beautiful than peahens.     雄孔雀要比雌孔雀漂亮。
Tourism is at its peak in August.     旅游业在八月份达到高峰。
example sentence not found
They burst into peals of laughter.     他们爆发出阵阵笑声。
He pays his workers peanuts.     他付给他的工人极少的工资。
He tossed the peanuts into his mouth one at a time.     他每次将一粒花生扔进嘴里。
Would you like a pear?     想吃梨吗？
She wears a pearl necklace today.     今天她戴了一条珍珠项链。
The attack on Pearl Harbor was a crushing calamity.     偷袭珍珠港（对美军来说）是一场毁灭性的灾难。
I like pearly ornament.     我喜欢珍珠饰物。
The local lords often treated the peasants badly.     当地地主常常虐待农民。
example sentence not found
Root the cuttings in peat.     把插枝扦插泥炭中.
A broad area of open land, often high but poorly drained, with patches of heath and peat bogs.     沼泽一片大面积的开阔地，通常很高但排水不好，有成片的荒野和泥炭田
There are many pebbles on the riverbed.     河床上有很多卵石。
A confection made of nut kernels, especially almonds or pecans, stirred in boiling sugar syrup until crisp and brown.     干果糖用干果仁，尤指杏仁或山核桃仁在沸腾的糖浆里搅拌直至发焦变脆而制成的蜜饯
example sentence not found
That bird tried to peck me.     那只鸟想啄我。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He became manager but was put down from the office fur peculation.     他成了一位经理，但由于盗用公款而被降职了。
The food has a peculiar taste.     这食物有种怪味道。
These small spiced cakes are a peculiarity of the region.     这些别有风味的小蛋糕是该地的特产。
Hunting foxes is a peculiarly English sport.     猎狐是英国特有的运动.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Instruction; teaching; pedagogy.     指导；教学；教学法
The pedal of a cycle is attached to a crank.     自行车的踏板与曲柄相连。
example sentence not found
Pedantic attention to detail or rules.     拘泥形式，墨守陈规过于拘泥于细节或规则
example sentence not found
He peddled small household articles around the town.     他在城里挨家挨户兜售日用百货.
The peddler tried to sell me some small articles.     那个小贩试图卖给我一些小东西。
The workers put the statue on its pedestal.     工人们把雕像放到基座上。
The driver was slanging a pedestrian who had got in his way.     那司机破口大骂挡他的路的行人.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The branch of pediatrics that deals with the diseases and care of newborn infants.     新生儿学儿科学的一个分支，研究新生儿疾病和护理
example sentence not found
He was proud of his impeccable pedigree.     他为他出身于名门望族而骄傲。
example sentence not found
The pedlar tried to sell me some small articles.     那个小贩试图卖给我一些小东西。
Cover your eyes and don't peek.     捂上眼睛，别偷看。
Would you peel me an orange?     你给我剥一个橘子好吗？
example sentence not found
Something, such as a skin or peel, that has been pared off.     削皮，剥皮，削下物如皮肤或果皮等削下来的东西
The flowers are beginning to peep through the soil.     花正开始破土而出。
Acid rain is harmful to amphibians such as salamanders, spring peepers, and frogs.     酸雨是有害于两栖的动物，例如鲵、春天里唧唧叫的小动物和青蛙。
example sentence not found
She peers through the mist, trying to find the right path.     她透过雾眯着眼看，想找出正确的路。
To be a peerless man is very difficult.     做一个出类拔萃的人是很不容易的。
It peeves me to be ordered out of my own house.     命令我从自己的家中出去, 真太气人了.
Inclined to be vexed or troubled; peevish.     烦躁的易被激怒或困扰的；易怒的
First hammer the tent pegs into the ground, then tie the ropes onto them.     先把系帐篷的桩子打进地里，再把绳子系在桩子上。
Let's go into the living-room, Peggy. We can have our coffee there.     我们到起居室去吧，佩吉。我们可以在那里喝咖啡。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
By the way, I miss Mom's Peking roast duck and spring roll very much!     还有，我非常想吃妈妈做的北京烤鸭和春卷。
example sentence not found
The ship is engaged in pelagic fishery.     这艘船从事远洋渔业。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A hard pellet of snow and ice.     雹块一种坚硬的冰雪团
The children rushed pell-mell down the stairs.     孩子们乱哄哄地冲下楼去.
example sentence not found
The rain was pelting down.     大雨倾盆。
example sentence not found
May I borrow your pen?     我可以借用你的钢笔吗？
example sentence not found
Deportation to a penal colony.     流放放逐到一个流刑地
The new law penalizes the poorest members of society.     新法规对社会中最贫困者不 利.
She has paid the penalty for her crimes with five years in prison.     她因犯罪受到惩罚被判刑五年。
He had done penance for his sins; we should forgive him.     他已经为赎罪自我惩罚了，我们应该原谅他。
Potatoes are 20 pence a pound.     土豆每磅20便士.
She has a penchant for Indian food.     她爱吃印度食物.
I noted down his telephone number with a pencil near the telephone.     我用电话旁的一根铅笔记下了他的电话号码。
My necklace has a heart pendant, but I don't wear it everyday.     我的项链有一个心形的垂饰，但我并非每天都戴他。
When will the pendent problem be solved?     这个悬而未决的问题什么时候能解决呢？
The lawsuit was then pending.     那件讼案因而尚未解决.
example sentence not found
The pendulum of the clock in my room is a bear.     我房间的钟摆是小熊形状的。
The headlamps penetrated the fog.     车的前灯的光射进雾中。
The penetrating odor of garlic soon filled the entire apartment.     大蒜刺鼻的气味很快就弥散了整个屋子
Resistant to penetration by water but not entirely waterproof.     抗水的能抵抗水的渗透但不完全防水的
The birth of a baby penguin in the zoo was widely reported.     动物园里小企鹅的出生受到了广泛的报道。
example sentence not found
The nurse injected penicillin into her arm.     护士给她的胳膊注射了青霉素。
example sentence not found
Italy is a peninsula.     意大利是一个半岛。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Since he has been penitent, I don't think he will do that again.     既然他已经悔罪了，我认为他不会再那样做了。
A place where persons convicted or accused of crimes are confined; a penitentiary or a jail.     监狱，拘留所监禁被指控或认定有罪的人的地方；拘留所或监狱
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A pennant lolling from the mast.     信号旗松散地从桅杆上垂下来
example sentence not found
Helen's mother disapproved of Tom and said that she had no wish to chuck her daughter away on such a penniless person.     海伦的母亲不赞成汤姆并且说她决不想把女儿嫁给一个像他这样的穷光蛋。
A region of the northeast United States, generally including the New England states, New York, and sometimes Pennsylvania and New Jersey.     美国东北部美国东北的地区，大致包括新英格兰州，纽约，有时也包括宾夕法尼亚州和新泽西州
I only have a few pennies with me.     我身上只有几个便士。
Got my pennyworth at that price.     我以低廉的价格成交了这笔买卖
There are two pens on the table.     桌上有二枝钢笔。
He retired on a company pension.     他退休时得到公司的退休金。
They are all old-age pensioners.     他们都是领养老金的人。
The painting can inspire a pensive mood.     这幅画能引人沉思。
The manufacturers appear to have underbid the contracts by a wider margin than usual. Costs escalated beyond all expectations. And few were privy to the problems because the program was financed in the secret part of the Pentagon budget.     厂家对合同投的标似乎较一般低得太多。成本节节升高，超出任何人的预料。由于该计划系五角大楼秘密预算所支付，很少人知悉问题的同情。
example sentence not found
The family have booked the penthouse suite for two weeks.     这个家庭已预定了两周的楼顶公寓套房。
November is the penultimate month of the year.     十一月份是一年中倒数的第二个月。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Laid-off workers fall into penury.     下岗职工陷入贫困。
example sentence not found
The peonies are in full bloom now.     现在牡丹花正盛开。
Were there many people at the meeting?     集会有很多人吗？
example sentence not found
Please pass me the pepper pot.     请把胡椒瓶递给我。
The wall had been peppered with bullets.     墙上有密集的子弹痕迹.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A peppery sales clerk.     一个脾气暴躁的销售员
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A peptide containing many molecules of amino acids, typically between10 and100.     多肽一种含有许多氨基酸分子的肽，典型地是在10和100之间
These apples cost five yuan per kilogram.     这些苹果每公斤五元。
Per capita incomes rose sharply last year.     去岁人均收入剧增.
Per contra I don't ask her to forget but to remember.     相反，我不是要她忘记，而是要她记住。
example sentence not found
The drug is not harmful per se, but is dangerous when taken with alcohol.     该药本身并无害处, 但与酒类同服则有危险.
example sentence not found
Knowable or perceivable.     可认知的可知的或可觉察的
We perceived that we were unwelcome and left.     我们发觉自己不受欢迎，因此便离开了。
I am a hundred percent in agreement with you.     我百分之百同意你的看法。
What percentage of the earth is covered by oceans?     地球上百分之多少被海水覆盖着？
People's living standard has had a perceptible improvement.     人民的生活水平明显地改善了。
My perception was the conditions had not changed.     我认为情况无变化。
Knowledge gained by the use of this faculty; a perceptive insight.     直觉知道运用这种能力而获得的知识；敏锐的洞察力
example sentence not found
From our perch up there on top of the cliff we can see the whole town.     我们从悬崖顶上的高处能看到城市的全景。
He discovered the painting perchance.     他偶然发现了这幅画。
example sentence not found
The rumour percolated through the firm.     那谣言在公司里慢慢流传开来.
A small firework consisting of some gravel wrapped in tissue paper with a percussion cap that explodes when thrown against a hard surface.     掼炮一种由草纸包住一些砾石制成的小型鞭炮，其打火帽在与坚硬表面撞击时发生爆炸
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He was damned to perdition.     他万劫不复。
example sentence not found
He made a peremptory order.     他下达了一个必须服从的命令。
A perennial woody plant having a main trunk and usually a distinct crown.     树一种多年生木质植物，生有一个主干且常有一个很明显的树冠
Permanently frozen subsoil, occurring throughout the Polar Regions and locally in perennially frigid areas.     永冻土永久冰冻的下层土壤，出现在整个北极地区和部分长期寒冷的地区
Any solution [to Soviet economic malaise], however, is hostage to the crisis of authority, creating a catch-22 stalemate between perestroika and glasnost, between economics and politics: any measure to shore up the economy only fans public anger and reduces the authority of the Government.     不过，任何解决[苏联经济失调]办的法都受到权力危机的影响，在改革与开放，经济与政治之间产生一种自相矛盾僵持不下的情况：任何振兴经济的办法不过煽起民众的忿怒并损及政府威信而已。
The weather during our holiday was perfect.     我们度假时的天气好极了。
She sings to perfection.     她唱得好极了。
The innkeeper is a notoriously hard driving, whip-cracking perfectionist.     这个酒馆的老板出名地凶狠，不准手下人犯一点错误。
You needn't labor a point that is perfectly plain.     这点很明显，你用不着讲个没完。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The surgeon has performed the operation.     外科医生做了手术。
example sentence not found
The car's performance on corners needs to be improved.     这辆车在转弯时的性能还需要改进。
Let's have a good round of applause for the next performer.     咱们为下一个表演者热烈鼓掌吧。
The roses perfumed the air.     玫瑰花的芳香四溢。
example sentence not found
The operator answered the phone with a perfunctory greeting.     接线员接通电话，象征性的打了招呼
example sentence not found
Perhaps I am wrong, but I think she is near forty.     也许我错了，但是我想她快四十岁了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The ship was in imminent peril of being wrecked.     那条船马上就有失事的危险。
Their perilous journey across the ocean has attracted public attention.     他们的越洋冒险旅行引起了公众的注意。
The plane stalled, flipped over onto its back and crashed near the perimeter.     飞机失速了，翻了一个跟头，坠毁在机场环形围栏附近。
We have three periods of chemistry a week.     我们一星期三节化学课。
The doctor made periodic visit to the house to see if the baby was all right.     医生定期到这家进行拜访，检查婴儿有没有问题。
A column in the periodic table of the elements.     属，族元素周期表上的一栏
The periodical is obtainable on the very first day of every month.     这本杂志每月一号出版。
New strains of viruses appear periodically.     新菌系的细菌周期性地产生
example sentence not found
Peripatetic music teachers visit the school regularly.     兼职音乐教师定期到校授课.
An interface unit or circuitry that converts data to and from the representation used by a particular peripheral device or class of peripheral devices; for example, a device that converts between bit serial and bit parallel and resolves differences in transmission speeds.     一种接口部件或电路，用来把数据转换成某种特殊的外围设备上的表示或某类外围设备上的表示或把此种表示转换成数据。例如，一台在串行位和并行位之间作转换且解决传输速度差别的设备。
The idea is also expressed by minor poet on the periphery of the movement.     该运动外围一些不大出名的诗人也表达了这些观点。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Almost a hundred people perished in the hotel fire last night.     近百人在昨夜旅馆的大火中丧生。
Perishable food should be stored in a refrigerator.     易腐的食物应储存在冰箱里.
I can't get in I've lost the perishing key!     我进不去－－我把该死的钥匙丢了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Several witnesses at the trial were clearly prepared to perjure themselves in order to protect the accused.     在审判时几个证人显然已准备好为袒护被告而作伪证.
He is accused of perjury with the intention of incriminate his employer.     他被控告犯有意图加罪于其雇主的伪证罪。
One of the perks is the use of the official car park.     其中一项好处是可以使用公家的停车场。
That child is a bit too perky!     那孩子有点太放肆了!
Her hair has been permed.     她的头发烫过了.
Nothing threatens the permanence of the system.     该体系的永恒性不受任何事物的影响.
Have you any permanent address?     你有固定地址吗?
`Does this knob come off?' `No, it's fixed on permanently.'     ｀这个把手能拆下来吗?＇｀不能, 那是固定的.＇
example sentence not found
The property or condition of being permeable.     渗透，渗透性可渗透的特质或状态
The smell of cooking permeates (through) the flat.     整套房间都弥漫著做菜的气味.
example sentence not found
Delay is not permissible, even for a single day.     不得延误, 即使一日亦不可.
Did she give you permission?     她向你表示同意了吗？
example sentence not found
You are not permitted to smoke here.     此处不许吸烟。
example sentence not found
This event had a pernicious influence on society.     这件事情对社会造成了有害的影响。
We had to listen to a peroration on the evils of drink!     我们得听一个关於酗酒害处的冗长报告!
example sentence not found
There are many perpendicular marble columns in Greek temples.     希腊庙宇有很多垂直的大理石柱。
Who perpetrated that dreadful extension to the front of the building?     谁在那楼房正面加盖了那麽一截讨厌的建筑物?
example sentence not found
Double agents live in a perpetual state of fear.     两面派永远过着提心吊胆的生活。
The condition of an estate that is limited so as to be inalienable either perpetually or longer than the period determined by law.     永久所有权，永久不得转让权房地产被限制以致于可永久地或比法律规定时间长的不得转让的状态
They decided to perpetuate the memory of their leader by erecting a statue.     他们为永远纪念那位领袖决定建一座雕像。
The site of the memorial is granted in perpetuity to Canada.     纪念馆址已选定在加拿大作为永久的纪念.
Faced with that dilemma, he was perplexed.     他面对进退两难的局面，不知如何是好。
When new math was introduced into schools, many parents were perplexed by it.     当学校开设新的数学课时，许多家长对此感到迷惑不解。
The whole affair is very perplexing.     整件事令人感到莫名其妙.
It's a problem of such perplexity that it was impossible to solve.     那是个复杂得无法解决的问题。
Politics in Britain used to be the perquisite of the property-owning classes.     英国的政治以往是有产阶级的特权.
He persecuted me with various delicate questions.     他用种种微妙的问题把我难倒了。
The Jews suffered terrible persecution under Hitler's rule.     犹太人在希特勒的统治下受到残酷的迫害。
He is slow to learn, but shows great perseverance.     他学得慢，但是他表现出不屈不挠的毅力。
If you persevere with work, you'll succeed in the end.     你如果把工作坚持下去，最终会取得成功的。
A few persevering climbers finally reached the top.     少数几个攀登者坚忍不拔，终於登上了顶峰。
This carpet was made in Persia.     这块地毯是波斯制造的。
He indicated the location of the Persian Gulf with a pen on the map.     他用一支笔在地图上标出了波斯湾的位置。
example sentence not found
The cold weather will persist for the rest of the week.     这种寒冷的天气将持续到本周末。
His persistence was rewarded when they agreed to resume discussions.     他们终于同意继续谈判，这是他坚持不懈的结果。
Despite persistent denials, the rumor continued to spread.     尽管一再否认，谣言还是不胫而走。
One that clings persistently.     牢牢地抓住某物的人
example sentence not found
You are just the person I want to see.     你正是我要见的人。
British singer noted for his comic stage persona, a wry and nostalgic Highlander.     劳德，哈里・麦克伦南1870－1950美国歌唱家，以讽刺怀旧的苏格兰高地人的喜剧舞台形象而著名
The salesman was a very personable young man.     推销员是个风度翩翩的年轻人.
She is stately in personage.     她仪容端庄。
I have something personal to discuss with you.     我有点私事和你商量。
His latest toy is a personal computer.     他的最新玩物是个人计算机.
Personalities are not in good taste in general conversation.     在一般的谈话中诽谤他人是不高尚的。
She is quite a personality.     她相当有个性。
Let's not personalize this argument.     让我们不要把这场争端搞成针对个人。
Personally, I like blue best.     我个人最喜欢蓝色。
example sentence not found
He looked the personification of misery.     他那副样子可谓是苦难的典型。
He personifies the worship of money.     他是拜金的化身.
The company's main problem is the shortage of skilled personnel.     这家公司的主要问题是缺少有技术的人员。
Artists didn't understand perspective in those days.     在那个年代艺术家们不懂透视法。
It is very perspicacious of you to find the cause of the trouble so quickly.     你真是明察秋毫，问题的原因这麽快就找出来了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She burst out in perspiration.     她突然出了一身汗。
example sentence not found
How can I persuade you of my sincerity?     我如何能够让你相信我的诚意？
It's my persuasion that such people should not be allowed to enter this country.     我认为不该让这样的人进入这个国家。
Your argument seemed not very persuasive.     你的论据不太有说服力。
She is wearing a pert little hat.     她头戴一顶小巧别致的帽子。
This letter does not pertain to politics.     这封信的内容与政治无关。
example sentence not found
His style of argument in meetings is not so much aggressive as pertinacious.     他在会议上的辩论态度并非锋芒逼人而是坚持己见.
example sentence not found
A document containing all the facts and points of law pertinent to a specific case, filed by an attorney before arguing the case in court.     诉讼要点，案情摘要包含与案件有关的所有证据、论点的文件，由律师出庭辩论时提出
The state of being perturbed; agitation.     搅乱，混乱处于不安的状态；动荡
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Japan said on Tuesday that Peru's disgraced ex-president Alberto Fujimori has Japanese nationality, a status that allows him to stay in the land of his forefathers and probably avoid facing investigators in Peru.     日本政府周二表示，遭到罢黜的秘鲁前总统藤森具有日本国籍，而这个身分将让他得以继续留在日本这块祖先的土地上，同时也可能让他不必回秘鲁接受调查人员的侦讯。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Have you perused this article?     你细读了这篇文章了吗？
example sentence not found
Her work is pervaded by nostalgia for a past age.     她的作品充满了怀旧之情。
example sentence not found
She gets a perverse satisfaction from making other people embarrassed.     她有一种不正常的心态，以使别人难堪来取乐。
Her account was a perversion of the truth.     她所讲的歪曲了事实.
example sentence not found
Do pornographic books pervert those who read them?     看色情书刊能诱人堕落吗？
example sentence not found
A pesky mosquito.     讨厌的蚊子
example sentence not found
Pessimism, when you get used to it, is just as agreeable as optimism.     悲观主义者，当你习惯它之后，就和乐观主义者一样令人惬意了。
Pessimist tells us that the family as we know it is doom.     悲观主义者告诉我们说，我们现在的这种家庭注定要崩溃。
She tried to shut all pessimistic thoughts out of her mind.     她努力从头脑中排除一切悲观的想法。
Stores of grain are frequently attacked by pests.     储存的谷物经常受到害虫的破坏。
He pestered her with requests for help.     他缠著她要她帮忙.
The seeds and the pesticide are both ready.     种子跟农药都准备好了。
A pestilence was raging in that area.     瘟疫正在那个地方流行。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She is the teacher's pet.     她是老师的宠儿。
There are numerous petals under the tree.     树下有数不清的花瓣。
My heart bleeds for poor old Mike. First he lost his job, and now his wife has gone off with his best friend Pete.     我真为可怜的老迈克遗憾。他先是失业，现在他的妻子又与他最好的朋友彼得私奔了。
His interest in learning Japanese has petered out.     他学习日语的兴趣逐渐消失了。
She filed a petition for divorce.     她提出了离婚申请。
The petitioner ask for a variation in her maintenance order.     上诉人要求对她生活费的命令的条件进行变更。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Petrol is volatile.     汽油容易挥发。
Petroleum can be used to produce various chemical products.     石油可用于生产多种化学产品。
example sentence not found
I breed some chicks for pets.     我养了一些小鸡当宠物。
Her petticoat was too long.     她的衬裙太长了。
example sentence not found
She is very petty at times.     她有时很小心眼。
She had been pilfering from the petty cash for months.     她多月来一直从零用现金中偷钱.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
People sat on the pew and listened to the priest.     人们坐在长凳上听牧师讲话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Have you heard the story of the phantom riders passing by in the night?     你听说过夜间飘过的幽灵骑士的故事吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My father is a pharmacist.     我的父亲是药剂师。
example sentence not found
The branch of pharmacology that deals with drugs in their crude or natural state.     生药学药理学的一个分支，研究处于天然或原始状态的药物
example sentence not found
Readily available in pharmacies; not requiring special preparation.     药房常备的不需特殊准备的；药房常预备的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The child is going through a difficult phase.     那孩子正经历困难的阶段。
Pheasants have long tails.     野鸡长着长尾巴。
The theory that all geologic phenomena may be explained as the result of existing forces having operated uniformly from the origin of the earth to the present time.     （地）均变说一种理论，可以将所有地质现象解释为从地球起源到现在已均匀作用的现存力的结果
We knew it would be a bestseller, but even the original didn't sell this well at the start. By our estimates, we've already sold somewhere in the neighborhood of500, 000 copies. It's just phenomenal.     我们知道会是一本畅销书，可是就连原作最初的销路也没有这么好。据我们的估计，我们已经卖了50万本左右。太妙了。
Magnetism is a natural phenomenon.     磁力是一种自然现象。
example sentence not found
Phil, drink your milk up, or you won't go out and play.     菲尔，把你的牛奶喝完了，否则你别想出去玩。
Here is a letter adapted from DEAR ABBY, Philadelphia Bulletin, March9,1973.     这里摘登一封＇亲爱的爱毕＇的回信，刊登在一九七三年三月九日的＇费城公报＇上。
He spent his time philandering with the girls in the village.     他把时间花在和村子里的姑娘们调情上了.
A naive idealist who supports philanthropic or humanitarian causes or reforms.     社会改良空想家幼稚的理想主义者，支持善心或博爱的事件的改革者
He is the only philanthropist I can think of who gave away his fortune with absolutely no strings binding its use.     他是我仅能想想来的慈善家，把自己的钱财送人绝不附带任何条件。
She committed herself to philanthropy.     她专心从事慈善事业。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A Philippine dish of marinated vegetables and meat or fish seasoned with garlic, soy sauce, and spices and served with rice.     阿都波一种由海菜及肉或鱼做成的菲律宾菜肴，用咖喱、酱油和香料作调料，佐以米饭
An island of the west-central Philippines south of Luzon. It was first visited by Spaniards in1570.     民都洛岛菲律宾中西部一岛屿，位于吕宋岛以南。西班牙于1570年最先到达该岛
He accused those who criticized his work of being philistines.     他指责那些批评他的作品的人是对艺术一窍不通.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The boy wants to become a philosopher in the future.     这个男孩想在将来成为一名哲学家。
He devoted himself in philosophical study.     他致力于哲学研究。
I cannot understand his conflicting philosophy.     我不能理解他那互相矛盾的思想体系。
Commuting in the rush-hour requires a phlegmatic temperament.     在上下班交通高峰期间乘坐通勤车要有安之若素的心境.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Phoebe announces four programs a week.     菲碧一星期担任四个节目的播音员。
example sentence not found
The ancient Syrian and Phoenician goddess of sexual love and fertility.     阿什托雷思古代叙利亚和腓尼基人的性爱与繁殖女神
example sentence not found
I'll phone the result of the test to you.     我将打电话告诉你测验的结果。
English has 24 consonant phonemes.     英语有24个辅音音素.
Phonetic symbols represent sounds.     语音符号是标音的符号.
She's an authority on phonetics.     她是语音学权威.
The man's a complete phoney.     这个男子的身分是冒充的.
Phonograph is no longer used nowadays.     留声机现在已不再使用了。
The phony glamour of night club soon become stale and boring.     夜总会那种虚假的荣华不久便失去了新意而使人生厌。
A green radioactive mineral that is a hydrous crystalline phosphate of uranium and copper.     铜铀云母一种绿色的放射性矿物，为铀和铜的氢化结晶云母
In cathode ray tube display, the continuation of light emission from phosphor after excitation by the electron beam.     在阴极射线管显示器中，用电子束激励后荧光物质光发射的持续现象。
There are many phosphoric stones on the hill.     那座山上有很多含磷的石头。
A fertilizer containing phosphorus compounds.     磷肥含有磷化合物的一种化肥
I have a few photos.     我有几张照片。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Our photocopier is in continual need of running repairs.     我们的复印机经常需要检修.
She photocopy the contract.     她影印了这份合同。
example sentence not found
I'm not very photogenic.     我这人不大上相.
Have you seen my photograph in the newspaper?     你看到我在报纸上的照片了吗？
The photographer took a photo of a herd of elephants.     这位摄影师拍了一张象群的照片。
My little brother has a photographic memory.     我的小弟弟有着惊人的记忆力。
Photography is one of his hobbies.     摄影是他的爱好之一。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is fond of high-sounding phrases.     他爱用夸大的词句。
example sentence not found
It's a physical impossibility to be in two places at one time.     同时在两地是自然规律上不可能的事。
A school course in physical education.     体操课学校体育教育中的一门课程
The male is physically stronger than the female.     男性在身体上要比女性强壮。
He was attended by his personal physician.     他的私人医生护理他。
This old man is a famous nuclear physicist.     这位老人是一位著名的核物理学家。
The atom bomb is the offspring of the 20th century physics.     原子弹是20世纪物理学的产物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Physiological tolerance to a drug resulting from repeated use.     适应性由于长期使用某种药物而产生的对该药的生理上的耐药性
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
German physiologist. He won a1901 Nobel Prize for work on serum immunization against diphtheria and tetanus.     贝林，埃米尔・冯1854－1917德国生理学家，因其在抗白喉与破伤风血清免疫方面的工作获1901年诺贝尔奖
We had studied physiology in middle school.     我在中学就已经学过生理学。
example sentence not found
Having a heavy, muscular physique.     公牛般的有健壮的、肌肉发达的体格的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I hope his dream of becoming a pianist will come true.     我希望他成为钢琴家的梦想可以成真。
She is learning to play the piano.     她在学弹钢琴。
A boy is flying a kite in the piazza.     一个小男孩在阳台上放风筝。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She paints in the fashion of Picasso.     她模仿毕加索的绘画风格
example sentence not found
The expensive shops in a famous arcade near Piccadilly were just opening.     皮卡迪利大街附近的一著名的拱廊街道上，几家高挡商店刚刚开门。
example sentence not found
Which one of the books is your pick?     你选哪本书？
He pecked at the hard ground with a pickaxe.     他用鹤嘴锄掘坚硬的土地。
Some of the union members did not want to picket.     工会的一些会员不想担任罢工纠察员.
Vultures are picking at a lion's carcass.     秃鹫正在啄食狮子的尸体。
He had some mixed pickles and rice for supper.     他晚饭吃了一些什锦泡菜和米饭。
The old gentleman just stood there glaring at the pickpocket and did not say a word.     ＂这位老先生只是站在那里对那个扒手怒目而视，一句话也没有说。＂
A pickup orchestra; a pickup baseball game.     临时性管弦乐队；临时拼凑的棒球比赛
The housekeeper is a very picky woman.     这个家庭主妇是位特别爱挑剔的人。
We had a lot of fun at the picnic on the beach.     我们在海滩上野餐，趣味无穷。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We have watched the pictorial record of the event.     我们已观看了这一事件的图片记录。
May I take a picture of you?     我可以给你照相吗？
example sentence not found
He made some pictures of the divinities of Hinduism.     他画了几幅印度教中的神像。
He painted the picturesque fishing village in the bay.     他画了海湾里一个风景如画的渔村。
I don't want to hear all the piddling little details!     我不想听那些琐碎的事!
Would you like some more apple pies?     再来点苹果馅饼好吗？
example sentence not found
Would you please give me a piece of paper?     能给我一张纸吗？
I've only had a piecemeal account of what happened.     我对发生的事情只有支离破碎的了解.
The huge waves battered the wrecked ship to pieces.     巨浪将那艘失事的船只冲击得支离破碎.
example sentence not found
The Pied piper had all the children of Hamlin on his heels.     穿彩衣的吹笛人使得汉姆林镇所有的孩子都跟着他走。
The ship lies at the pier.     船在码头停着。
The regiment pierced through the enemy's lines.     这个团突破了敌军防线。
The calling of a man's self to a strict account, is a medicine, sometime too piercing and corrosive.     一个人的严厉自责是一种有时过于猛烈，蚀力过强的药品。
Sarah is going on an exchange to Paris to stay with Pierre, and he is coming to stay with her here in Scotland next year.     萨拉将到巴黎作互访住在皮埃尔处，而皮埃尔明年来苏格兰就住在她那里。
The old man has great piety towards God.     这位老人对上帝非常虔诚。
He made a real pig of himself at the restaurant.     他在餐厅里大吃大喝，真丢脸。
He is building a pigeon house for his racing pigeons.     他正在为他的赛鸽建鸽棚。
Rebecca is a pigeon with no pigeonhole.     丽贝卡是一位难以形容的漂亮姑娘。
The act of transporting piggyback.     背负式运输，驮运联运
example sentence not found
They used only natural pigments to dye the wool.     他们只用天然颜料染毛织品。
He makes a pigsty of the kitchen whenever he does the cooking.     他一做饭就把厨房弄得很脏.
example sentence not found
Soldiers in ancient time usually fight with pikes and shields.     古代的战士们通常用长矛和盾牌战斗。
We put the books in piles on the floor.     我们把书在地板上堆起来。
He was caught pilfering.     他行窃当场被抓住.
Pilferage in the warehouse reduces profitability by about two per cent.     仓库中的失窃使利润损失了百分之二.
We met many pilgrims on their way to Mecca.     我们遇到许多去麦加朝圣的人。
The Muslim delegation is shortly going on a pilgrimage to Mecca.     这个穆斯林代表团很快就要去麦加朝圣了。
The little boy is piling up his building blocks.     小男孩正在搭积木。
Occasionally she had to take sleeping pills.     她偶尔不得不吃安眠药。
The town was pillaged by the invading army.     入侵的军队将该城镇掠夺一空。
The enemy was hurried from pillar to post.     敌人被赶得东逃西窜走投无路。
She was pilloried in the press for her extravagant parties.     她的聚会十分铺张，新闻界对她大加嘲弄。
I want to consult with my pillow before I take a decision.     在我做出决定前，我要好好考虑一下。
example sentence not found
Mark used to be a pilot on the Mississippi River.     马克曾在密西西比河上当过领航员。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The pimple came to a head before bursting.     丘疹长成脓包後才破裂.
The general pinned the medal on the soldier's chest.     将军把奖章别在这位士兵的胸前。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The new shoes pinched my toes.     这双新鞋紧得夹脚趾。
There is a pine forest near our house.     我们家附近有片松树林。
I bought some tinned pineapples to visit her.     我买了一些菠萝罐头去看她。
I bought some tinned pineapples to visit her.     我买了一些菠萝罐头去看她。
example sentence not found
Every library shall try to be complete on something, if it is only the history of pinhead.     每一个图书馆都应该努力使某一方面（的图书）齐全，哪怕只是针头[俚语亦有“笨蛋”之意]的历史也好。
He was held with his arms pinioned together behind his back.     他被捉住反绑着双臂。
Pink is her favorite color.     粉红色是她最喜欢的颜色。
example sentence not found
I can see the small pinnacle from here.     我能从这儿看到那个小尖塔。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
For two pins I'd tell him what I think of him.     再有个风吹草动, 我就把对他的看法挑明了.
example sentence not found
I bought a pint of milk in the store.     我在这家商店里买了一品脱牛奶。
example sentence not found
He was a pioneer in the use of X-rays.     他是最早使用X光的人。
German engineer and pioneer automobile manufacturer who produced the first high-speed internal-combustion engine(1885).     戴姆勒，戈特利布1834－1900德国工程师和汽车制造业先驱，他研制出第一台高速内燃机（1885年）
He is a pious Christian.     他是一名虔诚的基督教徒。
She practices her religion piously.     她是一个虔诚的宗教信奉者
His disgusting jokes gave everybody the pip.     他那些令人作呕的笑话弄得大家都不痛快.
The workers are laying pipes under the road.     工人们正在道路下面铺设管道。
Political experts say it's a pipe dream for Republicans to win black and other minority votes in any significant numbers in1988, whether the Rev.Jesse Jackson is on the Democratic ticket or not.     政情专家们说，无论杰克逊牧师是否成为民主党候选人，共和党若想在1988年在黑人或其他少数族裔中得到可观的选票，仍是梦想。
example sentence not found
New laws to deal with this abuse are in the pipeline.     正在制定处理这种弊端的新法令。
example sentence not found
He told me the story about a piper and the lost children.     他给我讲了一个关于吹笛者和丢失的孩子的故事。
The oil company will ship out piping and heavy equipment.     这家石油公司将用船运出输油管道和重型设备。
example sentence not found
Bland vegetables are often served with a piquant sauce.     清淡的蔬菜常以辛辣的沙司调味.
She seemed rather piqued.     她似乎很生气。
example sentence not found
The sailor suddenly saw a pirate jumping onto the deck.     那水手忽然看到一名海盗跳上了甲板。
example sentence not found
The famous tower of Pisa leans at an angle.     有名的比萨塔是斜的.
example sentence not found
Stop pissing about and get on with your work.     别再胡闹了, 干你的事去吧.
Pistil is the seed-producing part of the flower.     雌蕊是花结种的一部分。
The runners were called back because one of them beat the pistol.     赛跑运动员们被叫回来，因为他们中有一人抢跑了。
Get lathe No.9 set to turn the new piston.     把九号车床调好来车这个新活塞。
The children were playing in the sand pit.     孩子们在沙坑中玩耍。
Touch pitch, and you will be defiled.     近朱者赤，近墨者黑。
example sentence not found
Pitchers have ears.     （谚）隔墙有耳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The road to the conquest of cancer is long and full of pitfall.     战胜癌症的征途是漫长的，而且布满意想不到的困难。
The pith of that theory is serving for people.     那个理论的精髓是为人民服务。
A pithy comment.     简练有力的一刻
example sentence not found
You don't expect me to believe that pitiful excuse, do you?     你并不认为我会相信那个可鄙的借口，是吧？
The pitiless north wind blew for weeks.     凛冽的北风一连刮了几个星期。
Lawrence fags away for a pittance.     劳伦斯为了一点微薄的收入而辛苦地工作。
A borough of southwest Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River. Population, 21,923.     鲍德温宾夕法尼亚州西南部一自治村镇，位于莫农加希拉河沿岸，匹兹堡的近郊。人口21，923
example sentence not found
I pity anyone who has to feed a family on such a low income.     我同情任何需要以如此微薄的收入养活全家的人。
example sentence not found
That is the pivot of the whole argument.     这是整个论据的关键。
The capital and largest city of Algeria, in the north on the Bay of Algiers, an arm of the Mediterranean Sea. An ancient North African port, Algiers was captured by French forces in1830 and was later a pivotal center of the struggle for Algerian independence. Population, 1,523,000.     阿尔及尔阿尔及利亚的首都和最大的城市，位于地中海海湾阿尔及尔湾的北面。阿尔及尔是一个历史悠久的北非港口，于1830年为法军所占领，以后又成为阿尔及利亚独立运动的中心。人口1，523，000
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A mild, white Italian cheese that has a rubbery texture and is often eaten melted, as on pizza.     白干酪一种味淡的、白色的并有弹性的意大利奶酪，通常融化放在比萨饼上吃
example sentence not found
The placards condemned the government's action.     那些标语牌上写著谴责政府措施的词句.
example sentence not found
She's left her books all over the place.     她把书到处乱放。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A change in normal word order, such as the placement of a verb before its subject.     倒装正常词序的变化，例如，倒装动词置于主语之前
Formation of a placenta in the uterus.     胎盘形成胎盘在子宫中的形成过程
The child had a placid disposition.     这个孩子性情温和。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He has plagiarized most of the book from earlier studies of the period.     他那本书大部分都是从研究那个时期的著作中剽窃的内容.
A great plague was then raging in the city.     那时一场大瘟疫正在该城肆虐。
example sentence not found
She made a long plaid skirt.     她做了一条格子花呢的长裙。
Such trees can be found in the plains.     这种树木可见于平原。
A cryptographic system in which units of plain text of regular length, usually letters, are arbitrarily transposed or substituted according to a predetermined code.     密码一种密码系统，其中固定长度的明文里的单元，通常为字母，被任意倒置或按事先确定的符号系统替换
That is plainly wrong.     那显然不对.
Such trees can be found in the plains.     这种树木可见于平原。
example sentence not found
The judge decided for/against the plaintiff.     法官判决原告胜诉[败诉].
The song has plaintive melody.     这首歌曲的曲调悲伤。
Her mother helped her to plait her hair.     她的母亲帮她编辫子。
The police worked out a plan to catch the thief.     警察订下了计划捉贼。
A mineral, especially a transparent form of quartz, having a crystalline structure, often characterized by external planar faces.     水晶一种具有晶体结构的矿石，尤指石英的一种透明形态，通常其晶面在同一平面上
Let's keep the conversation on a friendly plane.     让我们友好地谈话。
Two planes collided in mid air.     两架飞机在半空中相撞。
The Earth is a planet.     地球是一颗行星。
The planetarium staff also prepared talks for radio broadcast.     天文馆的工作人员还要准备讲稿给电台广播。
English physicist, inventor, and mathematician who formulated the theory of planetary movement.     胡克，罗伯特1635－1703英国物理学家，发明家和数学家，他系统阐述了行星运动理论
example sentence not found
The deck of the sailing ship was made of thick planks.     这艘帆船的甲板是用厚木板制作的。
Much to our surprise when the plankton entered the oyster tried very hard to expel the plankton. Within3-5 minutes, the movement of the heart became very abnormal and the oyster died at once.     意想不到的是当浮游生物进入蚌体时，珠蚌的排异性非常强，3到5分钟之内，蚌的心脏运动异常并很快死亡。
This whole city is a monument to his skill as a planner and administrator.     这整座城市经他亲自设计并管理, 正是对他的才能的纪念.
This program gives managers a valuable planning tool.     这套程序是经理人员制订计划的可贵的工具。
April is the time to plant trees.     四月是种树的时候。
There were hundreds of slaves in the plantation.     这个种植园里有数百名奴隶。
His brother is a tea planter.     他的哥哥是一个茶园主。
A plate or plaque, as on an office door, inscribed with a name.     名牌记有名字的牌或匾，如挂在办公室门上
example sentence not found
Plasma is clear yellow liquid.     血浆是种透明淡黄的液体。
The doctor had to hold his broken arm with a plaster cast.     医生不得不用石膏绷带来固定他断了的胳膊。
The doctor had to hold his broken arm with a plaster cast.     医生不得不用石膏绷带来固定他断了的胳膊。
The cracks in the ceiling have to be plastered up before you can start painting.     在油漆天花板之前，先得用灰泥把裂缝填塞起来。
Many items in daily use are made of plastic.     很多日常生活用品是用塑料制成的。
It is their plasticity at certain temperatures that gives plastics their main advantage over many other materials.     正是在一定温度下塑料所具有的塑性使它比其他许多材料更优越。
He is a plastic surgery specialist.     他是个整形外科医生。
The doctor inserted a steel plate into his damaged leg.     医生在他受伤的腿中植入了一块钢板。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Sales have now reached a plateau.     销售现已开始停滞不前。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The party's platform is reducing taxes.     那个政党的政治纲领是减税。
Platinum is used to make jewelry.     白金常常用来做珠宝饰物。
A commonplace remark or notion; a platitude.     陈词滥调陈腐庸俗的话或想法；陈词滥调
A legendary island in the Atlantic Ocean west of Gibraltar, said by Plato to have sunk beneath the sea during an earthquake.     亚特兰蒂斯大西洋中一传说岛屿，位于直布罗陀西部，柏拉图声称在一场地震中沉入海底
I often go out with Cynthia but it's purely Platonic love between us.     我经常和辛西娅外出，但那纯粹是精神上的相爱。
The sergeant bellowed orders at the platoon.     士官向全排士兵大声地发出命令.
She put the grapes onto the platter.     她把葡萄放到一个大盘子上。
example sentence not found
She won plaudits for the way she presented her case.     她妙语陈情博得众口交赞.
The plausible talk of a crafty salesperson.     诡计多端的推销员的花言巧语
The boys were playing with balls.     男孩子们正在玩球。
On dictation equipment, a device for accurate alignment of playback head, or combined head, to the track on the recording medium.     录音设备上的一种装置，它能精确地把重放磁头或组合磁头调准到记录介质的磁道上。
He has been given a label of playboy by his friends.     他的朋友给他起了一个“花花公子”的绰号。
There are eleven players in the game.     这场比赛中有11名选手。
He gave me a playful slap on the hand.     他闹着玩地打了一下我的手。
The students are playing on the playground.     学生们正在操场上玩。
Mike Jackson, the new pop singer, was certainly a hit with the audience at the Playhouse Theatre last night.     迈克・杰克逊，一名新的流行歌星，昨晚在剧场当然地受到观众们的欢迎。
A playing card bearing the figure of a queen, ranking above the jack and below the king.     王后画有王后人像的一张纸牌，比杰克大但比国王小
He was my playmate in childhood.     他是我童年时的玩伴。
The team manager fell in for the major share of the blame when his team lost the playoffs.     球队的经理在他的球队失去决赛权时，首当其冲受到许多谴责。
He treated the silly girl as a plaything.     他把那个愚蠢的女孩当作一个玩物。
The children are outside during playtime.     在娱乐时间学生都在室外活动。
This playwright is very popular now.     这位剧作家现在很受欢迎。
We've booked you in at the Plaza for two nights.     我们为你在普拉扎旅馆预订了两夜的房间.
The accused entered a plea of not guilty.     被告作了“无罪”的抗辩。
The girl charged with murder was said to be mad and unfit to plead.     据说那个被指控谋杀的女孩是疯子，不能为自己申辩。
Pleading ignorance of the law won't help you if you are caught.     假若因犯法被抓住，藉口不知是犯法亦无济於事。
She seems a pleasant woman.     她似乎是一个友善的女人。
The noise of the stream had a pleasantly somnolent effect.     小河潺潺的流水声有宜人的催眠效果.
Take as many as you please.     你要多少就拿多少。
They were all very pleased with the news.     他们听到那消息都很高兴。
We have made pleasing progress in our talks.     我们的会谈已经取得了令人满意的进展。
The pleasurable sensation that accompanies the use of a drug; a rush.     幻觉使用麻醉毒品而产生的一种愉悦的感觉；激情
He listened with pleasure to the beautiful music.     他陶醉在美妙的音乐中。
Press the pleats flat.     把褶子熨平.
This book has plebeian tastes.     这本书有庸俗的味道。
A plebiscite was held to decide the fate of the country.     举行了公民投票以决定国家的命运.
Take this ring as a pledge of our friendship.     请接受这个戒指作为我们友谊的信物。
A diplomat with plenary powers.     具有极权的外交家
The minister was given plenipotentiary powers in the trade negotiations.     该部长获有全权进行贸易谈判.
example sentence not found
The camp has a plentiful supply of food.     营地有充足的食品供应。
In years of plenty everyone has plenty to eat.     丰年时人人都吃得饱。
example sentence not found
The report contained a plethora of detail.     报告中细节过多.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Pliable or impressionable.     顺从的或易受影响的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The poor girl was in a terrible plight.     这个可怜的女孩处境极其恶劣。
example sentence not found
We plodded on through the rain for several hours.     我们在雨中跋涉了几个小时。
How's the book?' Oh, I'm plodding along. '     ｀那本书怎麽样?＇｀哦, 我正在磨蹭呢.＇
I grow potatoes on my little plot of land.     我在那一小块地上种土豆。
Plots recoil upon the plotters.     耍阴谋诡计的人终将自作自受。
example sentence not found
The ship ploughed across the ocean.     轮船在大海上破浪前进。
example sentence not found
The ship plowed across the ocean.     轮船在大海上破浪前进。
example sentence not found
A maneuver, stratagem, or ploy, especially one used at an initial stage.     策略尤指人在开始阶段所采用的计谋、策略、手法
He plucked a rose for his lover.     他为情人摘了一朵玫瑰花。
example sentence not found
The TV compere gave her new record a plug.     电视节目主持人极力推荐她的新唱片。
example sentence not found
His new job is a fine plum.     他的新工作是件美差。
Some plumage dropped from the bird.     从鸟身上掉下来几根羽毛。
We begin to plumb the mysteries of the universe.     我们开始探索宇宙的奥秘。
He is an apprentice plumber.     他是个见习水管工人。
A low or narrow space, such as one beneath the upper or lower story of a building, that gives workers access to plumbing or wiring equipment.     爬行空隙一幢楼最高层或最底层下面可使工人进入维修管道或电线设备的矮而窄的空间
He does not plume himself on these achievements.     他并不因这些成就而自夸。
House prices have plummeted in this area.     此地房价大跌.
The ducklings plumped into the water.     小鸭们突然跳进水中。
example sentence not found
He escaped with his plunder.     他带着赃物逃跑了。
The car stopped suddenly and he plunged forward.     汽车突然停下，他的身子朝前一冲。
example sentence not found
The verb should be in the plural.     这个动词应用复数形式。
Mr Smith breezed in with an election plurality of200, 000.     史密斯先生以20万张的多数票轻易当选了。
Two plus five is seven.     二加五等于七。
Made of or covered with plush.     丝绒制的由长毛绒制成的或覆盖的
Pluto has an elliptic orbit.     冥王星的轨道是椭圆形的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I plied him with questions about his novel.     我就他的小说向他提问。
One of the English Separatists who founded the colony of Plymouth in New England in1620.     清教徒前辈移民1620年，在新英格兰建立普利茅斯殖民地的英国主张脱离国教者
Is the match on at 2 pm or 3 pm?     比赛是下午2时还是3时开始?
example sentence not found
Take care of getting pneumonia.     小心得肺炎。
A new political party usually poaches ideas from its rivals.     新政党往往把敌对政党的思想攫为己有。
He pocketed his wallet and car keys.     他把钱包和汽车钥匙放进了衣袋里。
I find a surplus store and buy a pocket calculator.     我找到一家出售剩余物品的商店，买了一台袖珍计算机。
My younger sister thinks she can argue Father into increasing her monthly pocket money.     我妹妹认为，她能极力说服父亲提高她每月的零用钱。
Prices to fit your pocketbook.     与你的财力相称的价格
This kind of pea has a long pod.     这种豌豆长着长豆荚。
example sentence not found
The speaker has to ad- lib his speech when his papers suddenly blow off the podium.     当演讲稿突然掉下台时，演讲者不得不现编词。
Their lives are a poem.     他们的生活就是一首诗。
The poet has written many poems for her.     那位诗人为她写了许多诗。
example sentence not found
The dancer moved with poetic grace.     这位舞蹈演员的舞姿如诗一般优美。
I like to recite his poetical works.     我喜欢背诵他的诗。
His poetry was published last year.     他的诗集去年发表了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I'm in a hurry, so come to the point.     我赶时间，直接了当说出来吧。
If one has an open mind, it is easy to appreciate another's point of view.     如果一个人思想开放, 就不难接受他人的观点。
He pointed at the diagram to illustrate his point.     他指着图表来说明他的论点。
She stared pointedly at me.     她严厉地瞪著我.
The pointer flickered.     指示针来回摆动。
One of the penalties of fame is that people point at you on the street.     当了名人的麻烦之一是在街上被人指指点点。
We had fallen so far behind that it seemed pointless continuing.     我们已经落在後面很远, 继续下去似乎没有什麽意义.
Gained15 pounds; the market gained30 points.     增加了15镑；股市增长了30个点
He poised the glass on the shelf.     他把玻璃杯稳稳地放在架子上。
He poised the glass on the shelf.     他把玻璃杯稳稳地放在架子上。
Someone tried to poison our dog.     有人想毒杀我们的狗。
Food poisoning can cause death.     食物中毒可导致死亡.
She gave him a poisonous look.     她恶狠狠地瞪了他一眼。
He is poking the fire with a poker.     他正用通条捅火。
Bridge, poker and whist are card-games.     桥牌、 扑克和惠斯特都是纸牌游戏.
example sentence not found
He was born in Poland.     他出生在波兰。
The two systems of government are polar opposites.     这两种政体正好相反。
In spite of vigilance a polar bear escape from the zoo.     尽管警戒很严，北极熊还是逃出了动物园。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An instrument used to measure the rotation of the plane of polarization of polarized light passing through an optical structure or sample.     偏振计；旋光计用来测量经过光学结构或样品的极化光的偏振平面旋转的一种仪器
Public opinion has polarized on this issue.     在这个问题上公众的意见已两极分化.
example sentence not found
Our opinions on this subject are at opposite poles.     我们对这一问题的看法截然相反。
Our school won first place for the pole vault.     我们学校赢得了撑杆跳第一名。
He launched into a fierce polemic against the government's policies.     他猛烈地抨击政府的政策.
example sentence not found
He launched into a fierce polemic against the government's policies.     他猛烈地抨击政府的政策.
example sentence not found
The police have caught the murderer.     警察已经抓获杀人凶手。
The investigation was carried out under the direction of a senior police officer.     调查是在一位高级警官的指导下进行的。
Terrorists bombed the police station in revenge for the arrests.     恐怖分子用炸弹袭击了警察局报复逮捕行动.
The policeman ordered him to stop the car.     警察命令他停车。
The sheriff ordered the policemen to gather.     警察局长命令警察集合。
The thief made a misguided attempt to rob a policewoman.     那个贼不识好歹竟要抢劫一个女警察。
Honesty is the best policy.     诚实是最明智的。
She had polio as a child and spent the rest of her life in a wheelchair.     她小时候得了小儿麻痹症, 终生没离开过轮椅.
example sentence not found
I polished my buttons with a handkerchief.     我用手帕把钮扣擦亮。
The children loved sliding round the newly polished floor.     孩子们喜欢在刚擦亮的地板上溜圈子。
example sentence not found
This boy is polite to everyone.     这个男孩对所有人都很礼貌。
He stood up politely when the lady entered the room.     这位女士走进房间的时候，他有礼貌地站了起来。
He was noted for his politeness.     大家都知道他很有礼貌。
A politic man tries not to offend people.     精明的人尽量不得罪人。
These are political rather than social matters.     这是政治问题而不是社会问题。
example sentence not found
Since there was soon to be a general election, the Prime Minister decided that a change of policy was politically expedient.     鉴於即将举行大选, 首相认为变通一下政策在政治上有利.
You need to be a bit of a politician to succeed in this company.     要想在这家公司步步登高，就需要耍点手腕。
What are your politics?     你的政见是什么？
A male leader of an Islamic polity.     哈里发伊斯兰教政治组织中的男性领导人
A large vote was polled.     投票踊跃。
The willows need to be pollarded.     这些柳树需截去树梢.
There is a high pollen count in the air.     空气中有很高的花粉计数。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The result of the poll won't be known until midnight.     投票结果要到半夜才能知道。
Even in closely contested elections, most of the pollsters have called the winners, often by margins close to vote tally. And the pollsters who missed were off by a hair.     即使在胜负极为接近的选举当中，多数民意测验人员都测出了胜利者。胜负差距往往与点票结果接近。测验失误的人也所差微乎其微。
Discharge pipe take pollutant away from the coastal area into the sea.     排泄管道将污染性物质由沿海岸区排入大海。
The river has been polluted by waste products from the factory.     这条河已经受到工厂排放的废料的污染。
Polluted air hangs over the city.     城市上空被污染的空气所笼罩。
Many young people could not resist the spiritual pollution.     很多年轻人不能抵制精神污染。
example sentence not found
He can play polo very well.     他打马球打得很好。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Mr.Gorbachev and his reformist Kremlin allies are prepared to tolerate, even encourage, moderate nationalists who challenge central control and demand autonomy. But Moscow rightly feels that, in a polyglot country with102 different nationalities, ethnic violence is beyond the pale.     戈尔巴乔夫和他克里姆林宫改革派盟友们，准备容忍，甚至鼓励温和的民族主义分子向中央控制挑战并要求独立。可是莫斯科自有理由觉得：在一个操多种语言，由102个民族组成的国家里，族裔之间的暴力则属过分。
A polygon with ten angles and ten sides.     十边形有十个角和十条边的多边形
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An apparatus for determining the order of constituents in a biological polymer.     顺序分析仪确定生物学的聚合体中成份顺序的仪器
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A small piece, as of polystyrene, used in quantity to protect items during packaging and shipment.     保护物品的小片大量用于包装及运输中保护物品的一种小片，如聚苯乙烯
Polytechnics present golden opportunities to bright young men.     工艺学为大有作为的年轻人提供了绝好的机会。
example sentence not found
The king was crowned with great pomp.     国王加冕，典礼极为壮观。
Behind the city of Pompeii stood the4000-feet Mount Vesuvius.     庞培城的后面矗立着4000英尺高的维苏维火山。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We should be modest, not be pompous.     我们应该谦虚，不应该自大。
example sentence not found
The farm has a pond from which the cattle can drink.     农场有一个供牛饮水的池塘。
He pondered for some minutes before giving an answer.     他思考了几分钟才作答复。
example sentence not found
I don't like his ponderous style of writing.     我不喜欢他冗长乏味的文风。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He sat there pontificating about the legal system although it was clear that he knew very little about it.     他坐在那儿发表他对法制的高论, 虽然他对此一窍不通.
Rhett bought his daughter a pony to ride on.     瑞德给他的女儿买了一匹小马来骑。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I asked Tony why he was late to work and he told me some hard-luck story about having to take his mother's ageing pet poodle to the vet because it had swallowed a chicken bone.     我问托尼为什么上班迟到。他告诉我他碰到了倒霉事，他母亲那条宝贝的长卷毛狗因为咽下了一根鸡骨头，他只得送它去看兽医。
example sentence not found
There is a swimming pool in the park.     公园里有一个游泳池。
After the rainstorm, there were pools on the roads.     暴雨过後路上有许多水洼儿.
He was too poor to buy a new coat.     他穷得无法买新衣。
These streets are very poorly lit.     这些街道的照明很差.
I have no interest in pop music.     我对流行音乐不感兴趣。
I but a cup of coke and some popcorn.     我买一杯可口可乐和一爆米花。
The new Pope will give a speech tomorrow.     新教皇明天将发表演讲。
There are some poplars in the garden.     庭院里有几棵杨树。
example sentence not found
Poppies are not allowed to be planted in most countries.     在大多数国家，罂粟被禁止种植。
He had the support of large sections of the populace.     他获得大多数民众的支持。
This is a very popular name for a girl.     这是一个非常普通的女孩名字。
His popularity among working people remains as strong as ever.     他在劳动人民中一如既往声望很高。
British-born American anthropologist whose books, such as The Natural Superiority of Women(1953), helped popularize anthropology.     蒙塔古，阿什利生于1905英裔美国人类学家，其著作如女性的自然优越性（1953年），促进了人类学的普及
The European Economic Community, popularly known as the Common Market     欧洲经济共同体，即众所周知的共同市场。
The islands were gradually populated by settlers from Europe.     岛上逐渐迁入很多欧洲移民.
The wasteland of the north is scarcely populated.     北方的大荒原地广人稀。
What is the population of this country?     这个国家的人口是多少？
A populist aversion to business monopolies.     人民党主义对商业垄断的反对
We live in a populous area near the coast.     我们生活在沿海人口稠密的地区。
example sentence not found
There is a porcelain figure on the table.     桌子上有一个瓷像。
I met that person at the porch of the church.     我是在教堂的门廊处遇到那个人的。
example sentence not found
The hunter seized a porcupine.     猎人捕获了一只豪猪。
He had spent several hours in the library poring over those musty documents.     他一连好几个小时呆在图书馆里仔细翻阅那些发霉味的文献资料。
We made some dishes with pork and vegetables.     我们用猪肉和蔬菜做了几盘菜。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Do pornographic books pervert those who read them?     看色情书刊能诱人堕落吗？
In Britain pornography was once sold under the counter.     在英国, 色情书画曾一度在暗地里出售.
In hot weather cloths made of a porous material like cotton are best.     热天穿棉布之类有渗透性的材料制成的衣服最为适宜。
example sentence not found
As the turtle swims across the oceanarium, the first porpoise swoops down from above and butts his shell with his belly.     当海龟游过水族馆时，第一只海豚从上方猛扑下去，并用腹部撞击龟壳。
I had a bowl of porridge for breakfast.     我早餐吃了一碗麦片粥。
It cost us a lot of money to get the goods from the port to our factory.     把货物从港口运到我们工厂花了一大笔钱。
example sentence not found
Portable telephones are very popular nowadays.     现今，移动电话非常普及。
I think they are standing at the portals of happiness now.     我认为他们现在是站在通向幸福的路口了。
His silence portends trouble.     他沉默不语不是好兆头。
A sign of a future happening; a portent.     前兆表明将来要发生的事情的现象；预兆
I see a portentous thing to come.     我预感不祥的事情要来到了。
The porter will carry your luggage to your room.     搬运工会把你的行李搬到你的房间去的。
A mathematical measure of the sensitivity of rates of return on a portfolio or a given stock compared with rates of return on the market as a whole. A high degree of such sensitivity indicates moderate or high price volatility.     证券的β因素一种数学手段，对某有价证券或某种给定股票的回报率与整个市场回报率相比的敏感性进行测量。这种高程度敏感性表明其价位处于中度或高度易变状态
example sentence not found
The driver must bear a portion of the blame for the accident.     司机应该对这场车祸负部分责任。
example sentence not found
She had her portrait painted.     她让人给自己画了像。
example sentence not found
The book portrays the life of an actor.     这本书描述了一个演员的一生。
example sentence not found
I went to Portugal three years ago.     三年前，我去过葡萄牙。
Could you teach me Portuguese?     你能教我葡萄牙语吗？
All the subjects are well posed.     所有的东西都摆好了位置。
That's quite a poser!     那事真伤脑筋!
Some people admired him greatly while others considered him a poseur.     有的人对他佩服得五体投地, 而有的人则认为他装腔作势.
Depending on who he is talking to, Harry can flip over from a cockney accent to a posh cultured one.     根据说话的对像，哈里可以从说伦敦方言突然转为说优雅而有教养的语言。
example sentence not found
Before the debate, both sides made their positions clear.     辩论之前，双方都把自己的观点说清楚。
There is positive proof that he did it.     有确切的证据证明他做了此事。
Their daughter is quite plump but their son is positively elephantine.     他们的女儿很胖; 可是儿子呢, 简直像大象.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I don't know what possessed him to drive so fast down that busy street.     我不知道他着了什么魔，在那条热闹的街上把车子开得这么快。
In1909 Russia possessed over41000 miles of railway.     1909年俄国有41000多英里的铁路。
According to facts in my possession he can not possibly be guilty.     根据我所掌握的事实，他是不可能有罪的。
If man put his country in danger by helping the enemy, his life and possessions were forfeit to the crown.     任何人如帮助敌人危害本国，他的生命财产便被国家没收。
It is often used with a possessive adjective.     这一词常与所有格的形容词连用。
I see great possibilities in the scheme.     我看这计划很可能成功。
I'll do everything possible to help you.     我会尽一切可能帮助你。
Could you possibly lend me 10 dollars?     你能借给我十美元吗？
He began to suspect that his mother sometimes looked through his pockets while he was asleep, so for several nights he played possum when he heard her coming up the stairs and waited to see what would happen.     他开始怀疑自己睡着时母亲有时翻他的口袋，于是有好几个晚上他一听到母亲上楼的脚步声就假装睡着了，等着瞧瞧会发生什么事。
Has the morning post arrived?     早晨的邮件来了吗？
A post card and three eight- cent stamp, please.     请给我买一张明信片和三张8分邮票。
The terrorists planted a bomb in the post office.     恐怖分子在邮局安放了一枚炸弹。
What is the postage for an air letter?     寄一封航空信的邮费要多少？
A mark or words printed over a postage stamp to note a change in use or a special occasion.     邮戳印于邮票以上说明该票文所表示用途变化，或标明为纪念一特殊时刻而发行的符号或文字
He sent me some postal cards from Paris.     他从巴黎给我寄来几张明信片。
Can you cash this postal order for me now?     你现在能帮我兑现这张邮政汇票吗？
The postal service here is very unreliable.     这里的邮政服务很不可靠。
example sentence not found
The front of the postcard shows a picture of our hotel.     明信片正面是我们旅馆的图片。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The names of the members of the team will be posted up today.     队员名单将于今天公布。
He put up a poster advertising the circus.     他贴了一张宣传马戏团的海报。
It is a posterior view of the skull.     这是颅骨背视图。
He left behind an immortal example to all posterity.     他给后世留下了不朽的典范。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Dead men hear no tales; posthumous fame is an Irish bull.     死人无耳，死后的名声等于风马牛。
Your posting has just come through: you're going to Hong Kong.     你的调令刚到: 你要去香港了.
The postman was bitten by a fierce dog.     那个邮递员被一只恶狗咬了。
I see from the postmark that this postcard was mailed from New York.     从邮戳上可以看出，这张明信片是从纽约寄来的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Our visit to the museum is postponed.     参观博物馆被推迟了。
example sentence not found
He added a brief postscript to his speech, giving the latest figures.     他演讲完又补充说了一些最新数字。
He postulated that a cure for the disease will have been found by the year 2000.     他推断到2000年能研究出治愈该病的方法.
The government adopted an uncompromising posture on the issue of independence.     政府在独立的问题上采取了毫不妥协的态度。
example sentence not found
Will you help me to wash up all these pots and pans?     帮我洗洗这些锅碗瓢盆好吗？
example sentence not found
Potassium is necessary to the existence of all living things.     钾是所有生物生存必须的。
example sentence not found
Would you like more mashed potato?     在来点马铃薯泥好吗？
example sentence not found
One wonders also why Nature, with some snakes concocted poison of such extreme potency.     人们也不知道大自然为何在一些蛇身上调制出这样高效的毒液来。
I was convinced by his potent arguments.     他那有力的论据把我说服了。
People rose up against the despotic rule of their potentate.     人们起来反抗君主的专制统治。
Education develops potential abilities.     教育能开发人的潜能。
It is a new invention with a big sales potentiality.     它是一个有畅销潜力的新发明。
Something that separates potentially antagonistic entities, as an area between two rival powers that serves to lessen the danger of conflict.     缓冲物，缓冲地带可用来隔离潜在的对抗性因来的东西，如面敌对势力用来减轻冲突危险的地带
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The magician displayed his charms and potions.     魔术师展示了咒符和有魔力的饮品。
example sentence not found
A potter is making pottery by hand.     陶器匠正用手做陶器.
Modern pottery is usually ornamental.     现代陶器通常用作装饰品。
Burn clay pots in a kiln.     在窑里烧制陶器
The kangaroos carry their babies in the pouch.     袋鼠把小袋鼠放在育儿袋里。
Each tool should be pouched so that it can be readily reached.     每把刀具应摆好，以便能很快地拿到手。
example sentence not found
Poultry is rather cheap now.     现在的禽肉相当便宜。
We hid behind the bushes, ready to pounce on the intruder.     我们藏在灌木丛后，准备向来犯者发起突然袭击。
I lost several pounds last month.     我上个月瘦了好几磅。
Whither the pound sterling?     英镑的前途可能会怎样？
The horses came pounding along the track.     马都在沿著跑道奔驰.
Can I pour you another cup of tea?     再给你倒杯茶好吗？
Tell that child to stop pouting.     叫那孩子别撅嘴撒娇。
The man lived in poverty after his unemployment.     这人失业后就生活在贫困之中。
I know the smell of powder.     我上过战场。
The paint is sold in powdered form.     该油漆以粉制品形式出售.
Sitting out here, you really can feel the power of the sun.     坐在这里，你可以感到太阳的力量。
The soldiers blew up the enemy power plant.     士兵们炸毁了敌人的发电厂。
The power station is serviced (ie Fuel is delivered to it) by road transport.     这座发电站的燃料是通过公路运送的.
This defeat was a powerful blow to the enemy.     这次失败是对敌人的有力的打击。
He's very powerfully built.     他的体格非常强壮。
They were powerless to resist.     他们无力反抗。
Chicken pox is a common childhood sickness.     水痘是一种常见的儿童期疾病。
example sentence not found
That suggestion sounds practicable.     那条建议听起来可行。
Your invention is not practical.     你的发明不实用。
He put a shovelful of snow in Kate's bed as a practical joke.     他把一铲雪放在凯特的床上，以此来开玩笑。
He questioned the practicality of the proposal.     他对该项建议的可行性表示怀疑。
He knew practically no English.     他实际上不懂英语。
We've made our plans, and now we must put them into practice.     我们已订好计划，现在应付诸实施了。
Practice makes perfect.     st. 熟能生巧.
He is practiced in the art of design. She is a practiced lecturer.     他精于设计艺术。她是个老练的演说者
You mustn't practise drums while the baby is sleeping.     孩子睡觉时，不要练习打鼓。
A skilled practitioner; an expert.     行家技术熟练的行业者；专家
example sentence not found
A pragmatic theory that ideas are instruments that function as guides of action, their validity being determined by the success of the action.     工具主义一种实用主义理论，认为思想是指导行为的工具，行为的成功证明其手段合理
example sentence not found
The malleable mind of the pragmatist.     实用主义者那适应性很强的思想
Have you been to the prairies in North America?     你去过北美洲的大草原吗？
example sentence not found
Let us give praise to God.     让我们来赞扬上帝吧。
Deserving commendation; praiseworthy.     值得称赞的；值得赞美的
The baby had been snatched from its pram.     那婴儿被人从婴儿车中劫走了.
The children were prancing about with delight.     孩子们高兴得蹦蹦跳跳。
Those schoolboys like to play pranks on their teachers.     那些小学生们喜欢作弄他们的老师。
Listen to him prating on about nothing.     听他瞎唠叨.
The baby is prattling away happily in her cot.     那幼儿在小床上呀呀自语，快活得很。
example sentence not found
They went to the mosque to pray.     他们去清真寺做祷告。
Her prayer answered and her son came home safely.     她的祈祷应验了，儿子平安地回到了家。
example sentence not found
The priest preached a sermon on the need of charity.     牧师在布道会上宣讲慈爱的必要。
Do you believe in what the preacher said?     你相信这个传道者的话吗？
I am weary of his preaching.     我听腻了他的说教。
example sentence not found
He launched into his statement without any preamble.     他开门见山地发表言论.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She makes a rather precarious living as a novelist.     作为小说家，她过着不太稳定的生活.
He balanced precariously on the narrow window-ledge.     他在狭窄的窗台上很难保持平衡.
I took the precaution of locking everything in the safe.     我把一切东西都锁在保险箱里以防万一。
example sentence not found
He came in, preceded by his wife.     他和他的妻子一前一后地走了进来。
The needs of the community must take precedence over (ie must be met before) individual requirements.     公众的利益高於个人的利益.
This intervention in another nation's affairs has set a precedent which we hope other countries will not follow.     对别国事物的这种干涉开了一个先例，我们希望其他国家不要模仿。
This intervention in another nation's affairs has set a precedent which we hope other countries will not follow.     对别国事物的这种干涉开了一个先例，我们希望其他国家不要模仿。
This point has been dealt with in the preceding paragraph.     这一点在前面一段里已经交代过了.
Example is better than precept.     st. 以身作则胜于口头教诲.
example sentence not found
Don't leave the school precincts during school hours.     在上课期间内不要离开学校。
example sentence not found
My time is precious; I can only give you a few minutes.     我的时间很宝贵，我只能见你几分钟。
A flat facet cut across the top of a precious stone.     切平面在一颗宝石的顶部切出的平面
In 1939 everyone felt Europe was on the edge of the precipice.     在1939年，当时人人都感到欧洲处于极度危险的境地。
Fears about the solvency of the banks precipitated the great economic crash.     对银行偿付能力出现恐慌更加速了经济的崩溃。
There will be precipitation on northern hills tonight.     今夜北部山区有降雪。
We have a precipitous climb to the peak.     我们向着陡峭山顶攀登。
At the precise moment that I put my foot on the step, the bus started.     恰恰就在我登上公共汽车踏板的时候，车子开动了。
That answers precisely to our need.     那恰好符合我们的需要。
The diagram had been copied with great precision.     该图表的复印件很精确。
That will preclude him from escaping.     那将阻止他逃走，那将使他无法逃走。
His son is a precocious child who could play the piano at the age of three.     他的儿子是一个三岁就能弹奏钢琴的早慧儿童。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Tourists forget their preconceived ideas as soon as they visit our country.     游客访问了我国之後立刻消除了他们的先入之见.
Common preconceptions about life in this district are increasingly being challenged.     原先普遍存在著对那一地区生活的成见越来越站不住脚了.
example sentence not found
The precursor of the modern car was a horseless carriage with a petrol engine.     现代汽车的前身是不用马拉的，装有汽油发动机的车子。
example sentence not found
Young birds are very vulnerable to predators.     幼小的鸟易受食肉动物伤害.
A predatory operation mounted against a competitor, especially an attempt to lure away the personnel or membership of a competing organization.     掠夺对竞争对手采取的掠夺式的行动，尤指目的在于吸引走竞争组织的人员或成员
Our new doctor is much younger than his predecessor.     我们新来的医生比他的前任年轻许多。
Believing in or based on the doctrine of predestination.     信仰宿命论的，依据宿命论的相信宿命论教义的或以宿命论教义为基础的
It seemed that his failure was predestined.     他的失败似乎是命中注定的.
example sentence not found
Your refusal puts me in an awkward predicament.     你的拒绝让我感到十分为难。
In general, a grammatical clause contain a subject and a predicate.     一般说来，一个合乎文法的子句包含有主词与述语。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The economists predicted an increase in the rate of inflation.     经济学家预言通货膨胀率将会增长。
I knew you'd say that you're so predictable!     我早就知道你会这样说--果不其然!
Predictably, he left his umbrella in the train.     如所预料，他把雨伞遗留在火车上。
Do you take seriously his prediction of a government defeat?     他预计政府要受挫折，你认为这话靠得住吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A strong predilection for anything French.     法国狂偏爱一切法国事物的强烈偏见
An antibody found in the blood of individuals having a genetic predisposition to allergies such as asthma and hay fever.     反应素个体血液中的一种抗体，可以对诸如气喘病和光粉热这些变态反应产生预先的基因处理
The policy is designed to prevent the predominance of one group over another.     该政策旨在防止一些人压制另一些人.
Her predominant characteristic is honesty.     她最为突出的特点是诚实。
The glowing effect produced by using predominantly red or yellow hues.     （颜色的）温暖感主要用红或黄颜色而引起的温暖的感觉
Red and white predominate in these flowers.     这些花中大部分是红色和白色的。
No one doubted his preeminence in financial matters.     没有人怀疑他在金融事务中的卓越成就。
example sentence not found
The council found that their traffic plans had been preempted by a government decision.     市议会发现他们的交通规划已因政府先行作了决定而无法推行。
example sentence not found
I say this jump is preemptive.     我说这样跳是先发制人的。
He's always preening himself on his success.     他总是对自己的成功沾沾自喜。
example sentence not found
She prefaced her remarks with a few words of welcome to the guest.     她先讲了几句对客人表示欢迎的话作为开场白。
example sentence not found
I much prefer cats to dogs.     猫和狗之中我更喜欢猫。
Cold food would be preferable in this heat.     在这样的热天吃冷食更好。
She wanteda cake, preferably one with chocolate icing.     她想吃蛋糕, 最好是有巧克力糖衣的.
In considering people for jobs, we give preference to those with some experience.     对于求职者，我们优先考虑有一定经验的人。
Nobody gets preferential treatment in this office!     本办事处无论对谁均一视同仁!
In politics Britain has preferred evolution to revolution.     在政治上，英国喜欢渐进而不喜欢革命。
example sentence not found
Put before; prefixed.     前置的，前缀的
You are advised not to smoke during pregnancy.     怀孕期间你最好不要吸烟。
His words were followed by a pregnant pause.     他说完话，接着是一段意味深长的停顿。
example sentence not found
The study of the forms of life existing in prehistoric or geologic times, as represented by the fossils of plants, animals, and other organisms.     古生物学对出现在史前或地质时代的生命的形成的研究，体现在植物、动物和其它有机体的化石上
A new law has been brought in to discourage racial prejudice.     一项反对种族歧视的新法律已被提出。
She regarded her critics as ignorant and prejudiced.     她认为那些批评她的人既无知又存有偏见。
A trial that becomes invalid because of basic prejudicial error in procedure.     无效审判由于审判过程中根本性的偏见性错误而变得无效的审判
Our team got beaten in the preliminary rounds of the competition.     我们队在这次比赛的预赛中遭淘汰。
example sentence not found
The lines form a prelude to his long narrative poem.     这几行诗是他那长篇叙事诗的序诗.
example sentence not found
The baby was five weeks premature.     这个孩子是提早五周生下来的。
Worry and illness had made him prematurely old.     他心事重重、 疾病缠身, 落得个未老先衰.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A premeditated crime.     有预谋的犯罪
example sentence not found
His work on the cause of the diseases is of premier importance to the whole world.     他的病理研究工作对全世界至关重要。
We went to the premiere of their new presentation.     我们去观看了他们的新剧目的首场演出。
Keep off the premises.     请勿入内。
Alcohol may not be consumed on the premises.     （指公债和股票）超过正常或市面的价值；溢价。
The annual premium on my policy is 3000 yuan.     我的保险单每年的保险费是三千元。
The day before her accident, she had a premonition of danger.     在发生事故的前一天，她有一种会发生危险的预感。
example sentence not found
Prenatal medical care.     出生前的医学护理
example sentence not found
She found his preoccupation with money irritating.     她发觉他心里只有钱, 感到很生气.
Deep in thought and heedless of present circumstances or activities; preoccupied.     心不在焉的，茫然的陷入沉思且未注意到周围的情况或活动的；出神的
She seemed preoccupied all the time I was talking to her.     我跟她讲话时她始终显得心事重重.
example sentence not found
Prep a surface for painting.     准备一个平面来作画
Preparations for the Queen's visit are almost complete.     女王访问的筹备工作已基本就绪。
They finished the preparatory training.     他们完成了预备训练。
He is preparing his speech for the meeting tomorrow.     他正准备明天集会的演说。
They prepared rice, flour and sundry other items of food for the poor.     他们为穷人准备了米，面及其它各种食物。
The telegram was sent reply prepaid.     电报已发出并已预付复电费用。
example sentence not found
Melancholy is the preponderant mood of the poem.     忧郁的感情是该诗的基调.
Christians preponderate in the population of that part of the country.     基督教徒在该国那一地区的人口中居多.
Preposition is abbreviated as prep in this dictionary.     介词在词典中略作 “prep”。
Clean clothes and good manners are prepossessing.     清洁的衣服和良好的举止能给人以好感。
They are asking a preposterous price for the work.     他们为该作品漫天要价。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A sense of humour is prerequisite to understanding her work.     要理解她的作品就必须具有幽默感。
It's the Prime Minister's prerogative to decide when to call an election.     决定大选的日期是首相的特权。
The clouds presage a storm.     乌云预示着暴风雨的到来。
There are some reports about the Presbyterian Church on the newspaper.     报纸上有许多关于基督教长老会的报道。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Regulations prescribe that a lawyer draw up the paper.     条文规定必须由律师拟定此公文。
Having no prescribed destination. Used of mail.     无姓名和地址的没有规定的目的地。用于邮政
example sentence not found
The doctor is writing a prescription.     医生正在开处方。
She was so quiet that her presence was hardly noticed.     她那么安静，几乎没有人注意到她在这里。
The child showed great presence of mind by grabbing the falling baby.     那孩子毫不慌张一把抓住了摔下的婴儿.
We learn from the past, experience the present and hope for success in the future.     我们从过去中学习，体验现在，展望未来的成功。
example sentence not found
They are preparing for the presentation of a new musical.     他们正准备上演新的歌舞喜剧。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A feeling or an intuition of what is going to occur; a presentiment.     预感，预知对将要发生的事的感觉或直觉；预感
The professor is presently writing a book.     这位教授目前正在写一本书。
The aim of the policy is the preservation of peace.     这一政策旨在维护和平。
For the first, the best preservative to keep the mind in health, is the faithful admonition of a friend.     说到第一种，最能保人心神之健康的预防药就是朋友的忠言规谏。
I think these interesting old customs should be preserved.     我认为这些有趣的旧习俗应该保存下去。
The menu will expand to show four preset positions and preset1 will automatically be highlighted.     此菜单会展开显示四个预置位置，Preset1将自动变后。
Some people believe that the Fates preside over man's destiny.     有些人相信，命运之神支配人类的命运。
He was elected to a second presidency.     他获选连任总统。
President Lincoln was born poor.     林肯总统出身贫寒。
Next year is a presidential year.     明年是总统选举年。
Press this button to start the engine.     按这个按钮开动引擎。
You will see him at the press conference.     你会在记者招待会上见到他的。
Compelling immediate action or attention; pressing.     紧迫的强求立即的行动和关注的；急迫的
It took a bit of pressure to make the lid close.     要稍按一下才能把盖子盖紧。
He felt that he was being pressurized to resign.     他感到有压力逼他辞职.
example sentence not found
The War and Navy departments each accumulated growing prestige which fostered the spirit of the old school tie.     陆军部和海军部各自积累了不断增长的威望，这种威望培育了小集团主义精神。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I just turn the piece of wire in the lock and hey presto, the door open.     我把金属丝伸到锁孔里一拧，嘿，那门就开了。
Oh, is not that preston Jack? So sorry.     噢，不是普雷斯顿杰克吗？对不起。
The presumable result is an election defeat.     推测结果是竞选可能会失败。
He will presumably resign in view of the complete failure of his policy.     由於他所推行的政策彻底失败了, 他很可能辞职.
A signed invoice presumes receipt of the shipment.     经过签字的发票表示货物已经收到。
The article has too many false presumptions.     这篇文章中凭空臆测的东西太多。
I dislike that presumptuous young man.     我不喜欢那个自以为是的年轻人。
Bail was refused on the presupposition of his guilt.     已料到他罪名成立而不准保释.
You can't keep up the pretence any longer.     你不能再假装下去了。
She pretends that she likes them so that she can get their help.     她假装很喜欢他们，借以获得他们的帮助。
He is nothing but a hypocrite, pretending that he knows nothing about it.     他是一个虚伪的人，假装对那件事一无所知。
example sentence not found
It is merely a pretense.     这只是托词而已。
He has no pretensions to being an expert on the subject.     他并不以这方面专家自居。
One who is insincere or pretentious.     伪君子虚伪或自负的人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We'll have to find a pretext for not going to the party.     我们得找个借口不去参加聚会。
She decorated the room very prettily.     她把房间装饰得漂亮极了。
The little girl is pretty.     这个小女孩很漂亮。
Misty weather prevails in this part of the country.     该国的这一地区天气多雾。
Product buy- back is a prevailing payment term at present.     产品回购是目前流行的一种付款方式。
They are so surprised by the prevalence of anti-government sentiments.     他们对普遍存在的反政府情绪感到很吃惊。
Eye diseases are prevalent in some tropical countries.     在一些热带国家，眼疾很流行。
example sentence not found
Tell us exactly what happened and don't prevaricate.     有什麽就原原本本地告诉我们吧, 别躲躲闪闪的.
What can we do to prevent the disease spreading?     我们能做什么来防止这种疾病蔓延呢？
Prevention is better than cure.     预防胜于治疗（治病不如防病）。
Please take some preventive medicine now.     请吃些预防药吧。
I showed the sales director a preview of the proposal to whet his appetite for the main advertising campaign.     我给销售经理预先看所提的建议，以增加他对广告宣传运动的兴趣。
Previous to the conference we had discussed the matter among ourselves.     在会议之前，我们讨论了这个问题。
Previous to the conference we had discussed the matter among ourselves.     在会议之前，我们讨论了这个问题。
Who previously held the record?     这个纪录原先由谁保持？
example sentence not found
Cares preyed upon her health.     忧虑损害了她的健康。
The dresses in the shop are priced high.     这家商店的衣服定价很高。
In its spacious halls are displayed over8000 priceless relics.     在它宽敞的大厅里，展出了8000多件珍贵文物。
This restaurant is a bit pricey for me.     这家饭馆的价钱对我来说贵了些.
The separate pricing of goods and services.     分别处理商品和服务的价格
She pricked herself on a needle.     她被针扎了一下。
The woollen cloth prickles (my skin).     穿毛料衣服（使我的皮肤）有被扎的感觉.
Bearing or covered with spines or bristles; prickly.     棘皮的具有或覆盖有针或刺的；多刺的
Pride was his downfall.     骄傲是他垮台的原因。
The priest persuaded him to give up his bad habit.     牧师劝他放弃坏习惯。
example sentence not found
Charles thinks he's better than the rest of us, the self-righteous prig!     查尔斯认为他比我们大家都强，真是个自以为是的家伙！
You can't tell that joke to her she's much too prim and proper.     可别给她讲那样的笑话--她这人过於古板和认真.
example sentence not found
This building was primarily intended to be a dinning hall.     这座建筑原来是打算用作餐厅的。
Love and hatred are primary emotions.     爱和恨是基本的情感。
example sentence not found
The little boy left primary school at eleven.     这个小男孩十一岁时小学毕业。
The office, rank, or province of primate.     首席主教（或都主教，大主教）的职责，阶层或教区
example sentence not found
He makes it his prime care.     他极为重视这件事。
Mr. Heath is the former Prime Minister of Britain.     希思先生是英国前任首相。
A coat of primer should be made over the bare surface before the main painting.     在喷涂主漆前，应在物品的表面刷一层底漆。
The primeval chaos out of which it was believed that the earth and sky were formed.     混沌，洪荒原始的混沌状态，据信地球和天空由此形成
Primitive man made himself primitive tools from sharp stones and animal bones.     原始人用尖石块和兽骨为自己制作原始的工具。
He inherited his father by right of his primogeniture.     他凭着长子继承权，继承了他父亲的财产。
Play a primordial role.     担任主要角色
example sentence not found
They walked along the primrose bank chatting.     他们沿着报春花盛开的河岸边走边聊。
Prince Charles will be the next king of England.     查尔斯王子将是英国的下一位国王。
They paid me the princely sum of USD5000.     他们慷慨地给我5000美元。
Princess Anne is the daughter of Queen Elizabeth.     安妮公主是伊丽莎白女王的女儿。
Professor Green, lately of Princeton, is now head of the department at California.     格林教授不久前在普林斯顿任教，现在是加州大学的系主任。
Our principal problem is lack of time.     我们的主要问题就是缺少时间。
I've been to the Principality of Monaco.     我曾去过摩纳哥公国。
The dialect is spoken principally in the rural areas.     这种方言主要在农村地区使用。
We adhere to the principle that everyone should be treated fairly.     我们必须坚持人人都应该被平等对待这一原则。
This printer can print 40 pages in a minute.     这台打印机一分钟能打印40页。
A pin in the print head of a computer printer.     撞针计算机打印机的印刷头上的撞针
His comment when he heard the news was not printable! ie was too rude to be printed.     他在得知这消息时所发的议论不宜见诸报端（语言粗俗难登大雅之堂）.
Printed matter of passing interest.     只具有极短吸引力的印刷品
This error is made by printer.     这个错误是由印刷工造成的。
The old printing press will have to be pensioned off.     那个旧印刷机得报销了.
The printing ink has been used up.     印刷油墨用光了。
Get me a printout of the statistics.     给我一份打印出的统计资料.
All the arrangements should have been completed prior to our departure.     全部安排都应该在我们出发之前完成。
All the arrangements should have been completed prior to our departure.     全部安排都应该在我们出发之前完成。
I have priority over you in my claim.     我的请求比你的优先。
example sentence not found
The sunlight will break into different colors through a prism.     阳光穿过棱镜时将分解成各种颜色。
Many people believe that prison isn't a cure for crime.     许多人都相信监禁解决不了犯罪问题。
The prisoners are allowed an hour's exercise every day.     犯人们每天有一小时放风的时间。
example sentence not found
Pristine mountain snow.     山上洁白的雪
Everyone has his own privacy.     每个人都有自己的隐私。
She is a very private person.     她是个非常孤僻的人。
He works in a private enterprise.     他在一家私人企业工作。
If a child attends a private school, his parents pay the school for the child's education.     如果孩子上了私立学校，他的父母就要为孩子的教育付学费。
Take a deep breath and ask if you can see her privately.     平心静气地想一想你能否私下里去拜访她。
It would be the greatest imaginable privation for her to have to leave London.     对她来说, 不得不离开伦敦大概是能想像到的最大的损失.
It was a privilege to work with him.     和他在一起工作是一项殊荣。
Tax laws that favored the privileged at the expense of the disadvantaged.     以处于劣势的人为代价而有利于拥有特权者的税法
I was not privy to the discussion, so I cannot tell you what was decided.     我并不了解讨论的情况，所以无法告诉你做了什么决定。
First prize in the raffle is a holiday for two in Paris.     抽奖销售的头奖是两个人到巴黎度假旅游。
example sentence not found
This arrangement will have to do pro tem.     暂时只好这样安排.
Enclosed you will find a bill of lading for this wine, and an invoice, pro forma, as you are not limited as to the price.     关于葡萄酒，我们同函寄上提单以及发票，请查收为荷。发票部分由于贵公司并未给予我公司限价，故改为估价。
example sentence not found
There is a little probability of his success.     他不大可能成功。
French mathematician who formulated modern number theory and probability theory.     费马，皮尔・德1601－1665法国数学家，他有系统地阐述了现代数理论和概率论
It's highly probable that they will win the match.     他们很可能会赢这场比赛。
We're going on holiday soon, probably next month.     我们很快就要去度假了，多半是下个月。
The Probation Officer got Andrew a job in the paper-mills and arranged board and lodging for him in the Working Boys’ hostel.     缓刑犯监视员在纸厂里替安德鲁找到一份工作，并在职工宿舍安排了他的膳宿。
Information about Venus obtained by Russian probes has been published on some magazines.     许多杂志发表了由俄国航天探测器获得的有关金星的信息。
The journalist was probing into several financial scandals.     那记者正在调查几起财务丑闻。
Nobility of mind; probity.     心灵的高贵；正直
The students are working on a mathematical problem.     学生们正在解一道数学习题。
Open to doubt or challenge; problematic.     可疑的易于受到怀疑或挑战的；有疑问的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The business of the committee was delayed by procedural difficulties.     委员会的事务因程序上有困难而耽搁了.
Obtaining a refund from the company is a complicated procedure.     向公司索取退款手续很复杂。
The work is proceeding according to plan.     工作正按计划进行。
The work is proceeding according to plan.     工作正按计划进行。
The proceedings will begin with a speech to welcome the guests.     大会议程首先 是向来宾致欢迎辞.
Proceeds from the concert will go to charity.     音乐会的收入将捐赠给慈善事业.
Producing a dictionary is a slow process.     编成一本字典是一个缓慢的过程。
In a data processing system, a course of events occurring according to intended purpose or effect.     在数据处理系统中，按照预期的目的或效果出现的一连串事件。
The troops walked in procession through the street.     军队排成队伍走过街道。
John and Liz shared the prize money between them John used his half to buy a word processor.     约翰和利兹二人把奖金分了--约翰用他分到的那一半奖金购买了文字处理机.
His accent proclaimed that he was an American.     他的口音表明他是一个美国人。
There is a royal proclamation of the birth of the prince.     那有一张王室的公告，宣告王子诞生了。
example sentence not found
He procrastinated until it was too late to do anything at all.     他因循坐误, 一事无成.
Procrastination is the thief of time.     因循拖延是时间的大敌；拖延就是浪费时间。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Can you procure the rare old book for me?     你能为我觅到那本罕见的古书吗？
example sentence not found
She gave the man a prod with her umbrella.     她用伞捅了那男子一下。
I hate the prodigal administration.     我痛恨铺张浪费的行政机关。
We are all overwhelmed by his prodigious memory.     我们都被他那惊人的记忆力折服了。
A child prodigy.     神童，少年天才
She can produce delicious meal from very simple ingredients.     她能用简单配料烹调出美味的饭菜。
The conflicting interests of producers and consumers will be everlasting.     生产者与消费者之间的利益冲突将永远存在。
The country's main products are gold and cocoa.     这个国家的主要产品是可可和黄金。
They tried to increase production by using better methods and tools.     他们试图利用更好的方法和工具来增加生产力。
They work hard, but their efforts are not very productive.     他们很努力，但效率不太高。
example sentence not found
The workers are trying their best to increase productivity.     工人们正竭尽全力提高生产力。
His profane language annoyed us.     他亵渎的言语激怒了我们。
He uttered a stream of profanities.     他说出了一连串下流话.
He professed himself to be a poet.     他自称是诗人。
I don't believe her profession of friendship for us.     我不相信她声称同我们友好。
She is a real professional.     她是个真正的专家。
The plans had been drawn professionally.     那计画是由专家制定的。
He is a professor of history.     他是为历史学教授。
She proffered him her resignation.     她向他递交了辞呈。
Any of12 levels of proficiency at the grade of black belt in martial arts such as judo and karate.     段在东方武术中，黑腰带的级别精通达12级中的任一级，如柔道和空手道
The state or quality of being proficient; competence.     熟练，精通熟练的性质或状态；内行
example sentence not found
The government is trying to keep a low profile on this issue.     政府力图在这个问题上保持低姿态。
The huge trees were profiled against the night sky.     在夜空的映衬下显出大树的轮廓。
There is very little profit in selling newspapers at present.     现在卖报纸利润很少。
The profit and loss account show the movements which have take place since the last balance sheet.     该损益帐目表明子上次资产负债表以来已经发生的变动。
The new manager's job is to restore the company to profitability.     新经理的工作是让这家公司能恢复盈利状况。
It is profitable to import food.     进口食品可赚钱。
Rent controls were introduced to prevent profiteering.     为了防止牟取暴利而 实行了租金管制.
Revising the procedure was an entirely profitless exercise.     对程序进行修改是徒劳无功的.
One who wastes, especially one who wastes money; a profligate.     浪费者浪费之人，尤指浪费钱财的人；败家子
They listened to the speaker with profound interest.     他们怀着浓厚的兴趣聆听着演讲者。
His feeling has been harmed profoundly.     他的感情被深深地伤害了。
He impressed his audience by the profundity of his knowledge.     他知识渊博给听众留下了深刻的印象.
There are profuse blossoms.     那儿有很多花朵。
Hundreds of flowers are blooming in profusion.     百花怒放。
Marx is the progenitor of Communism.     马克思是共产主义的创始人.
He appeared, surrounded by his numerous progeny.     他出现时，子女前呼后拥不计其数。
example sentence not found
The prognosis for the future of the electronics industry is encouraging.     预测电子工业的前途一片大好.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The video is programmed to switch on at ten o'clock.     电视机设定在10点钟自动打开。
example sentence not found
An instruction sequence in programmed instruction.     指令程序编排指令中的指令次序
Also, sometimes, intelligent. With a function that can be established or changed by means of a program;(a programmable terminal;a programmable machine tool).     其功能可以利用程序建立或改变的，有时也称智能的（例如“一个可编程终端”，“一个可编程的机床”）。
The video is programmed to switch on at ten o'clock.     电视机设定在10点钟自动打开。
At some point, determined by how the virus was programmed the virus attacks.     只有在某个点上病毒程序才会发作（这是由病毒程序的设计所决定的）。
Text in a program that does not function in the program itself but is used by the programmer to explain instructions.     注释，注解程序中的文本，在程序自身中没有功能，但由程序员去使用来解释指令
A programming language used for writing programs that model human thinking.     罗楫程序设计语言用编写模仿人类思维的程序的程序语言
The ship made slow progress through the rough sea.     船只在汹涌的大海中缓慢前进。
The point of greatest intensity or force in an ascending series or progression; a culmination.     顶点，最高点在上升的序列或过程中达到的最大强度或力量；极点
That famous progressive thinker was asked to deliver a speech at the meeting.     那位著名的进步思想家被邀请在会议上发表演讲。
The bank has progressively increased its liquidity.     银行逐渐地增加其流动资产。
I fear that a prior engagement will prohibit me from joining you in dinner.     有约在先，我恐怕不能与你共进晚餐。
The prohibition against smoking on school grounds is strictly enforced.     校园内严禁吸烟。
The prohibitive favorite to win the nomination.     得到绝大多数投票获得提名
A missile was projected into space.     导弹被发射升空。
A whistling sound, as of an animal or a projectile.     啭鸣声尖厉高音，如动物或发射物而发出的声音
The projection on the picture is our building.     那张照片上的突出物是我们的大楼。
How long will it take to set up the projector?     把这个放映机安放好需要多长时间?
Our friend ship is built on proletarian, internationalism.     我们的友谊是建立在无产阶级国际主义之上的。
example sentence not found
Having waters rich in mineral and organic nutrients that promote a proliferation of plant life, especially algae, which reduces the dissolved oxygen content and often causes the extinction of other organisms. Used of a lake or pond.     （湖泊等）优氧化的水中富有矿物有机物，有利于植物，特别是藻类的增殖，但藻类往往使分解的氧含量过低，从而使别的有机物灭绝。用于指湖泊或池塘
Apple trees are prolific.     苹果树是多产植物。
example sentence not found
He began his prologue by saying good night.     他以“晚上好”开始了他的开场白。
The meeting may be prolonged into the evening because so many problems have to be solved tonight.     会议可能要延长到夜里，因为今晚有太多问题要解决。
After prolonged questioning, she finally confessed.     她受到长时间的盘问之後，终於承认了。
Juliet and Susan were talking about the prom, and Joan threw in that she was going with Fred.     朱丽叶与苏珊正谈论舞会，琼插嘴说她要跟弗雷德一起去。
He promenaded along the beach with his wife.     他和妻子沿着海滩散步。
The story(absurd enough!) is that Jupiter made the first woman and sent her to Prometheus and his brother, to punish them for their presumption in stealing fire from heaven; and man, for accepting the gift.     传说（虽然相当荒唐）朱庇特造了第一个女人并把她送给了普罗米修斯兄弟二人，以惩罚他们偷盗天火的狂妄行为，也惩罚人类，因为他们接受了天火。
example sentence not found
Einstein was a prominent scientist.     爱因斯坦是一位卓越的科学家。
He figured prominently in the discussion.     他参与了这次讨论，并引起了人们的注意。
example sentence not found
A person regarded as promiscuous.     淫棍被认为性关系混乱的人
John promises well as an actor.     约翰有希望成为演员。
Nobody can bring us swiftly, painlessly into the promised land.     无人能够把我们迅速地、毫无痛苦地带进理想之园。
example sentence not found
Their promises are not worth a damn.     他们的承诺分文不值.
The newspapers described her as a promising young singer.     报纸上将她称为大有前途的青年歌手。
A promissory note.     借据保证性的证据
A promissory note.     借据保证性的证据
A promontory of southeast Newfoundland, Canada, on the coast of the Avalon Peninsula.     莱思角加拿大纽芬兰省东南部一海角，位于亚法隆半岛沿岸
After this win, Manchester United was promoted to the First Division.     这次踢赢之后，曼彻斯特联队升入了甲级。
The promoters matched the young boxer with a more skillful fighter.     发起人安排这位年轻的拳击选手同一位更老练的拳击手比赛。
There are good chances of promotion in this firm.     这家公司里提升的机会很多。
Further to our quotation of April10, we have sent our technical information and sales promotional materials.     除了四月十日的报价函之外，我们另外寄上本公司之技术资料及促销资料。
His evasive reply prompted me to ask him another question.     他的含糊其词的答复促使我提出又一个问题。
He did it without any prompting from me.     他做这事完全不用我督促。
Net cash30 days unless specified otherwise. Advise promptly if incorrect.     除非另有说明，30日后全额付现，如有错误，请立即通知。
example sentence not found
The king promulgate a decree.     国王颁布了一项命令。
example sentence not found
They stepped over his prone body.     他们从他俯卧的身体上踩过去。
Please make a sentence with this pronoun.     请用这个代词造一个句子。
I don't know how to pronounce this word.     我不知道这个单词怎么发音。
The two words are spelled differently, but pronounced the same.     这两个字拼写不同, 但发音相同.
There has been no official pronouncement yet on the state of the president's health.     官方尚未就总统的健康状况发表公告.
You should look up the right pronunciation of this word in the dictionary.     你应该查字典找出这个单词的正确读音。
A soldier's courage is put to the proof in battle.     士兵的勇气在战斗中得到考验。
It's a part of your duties to proofread.     校对是你的份内之事。
His mistake got by the editor but was caught by the proofreader.     他的错误被编辑忽视了但被校对员发现了
It is not the government's policy to prop up declining industries.     资助不景气的工业不是政府的政策。
The anti-British propaganda gave (ie caused) much offence.     反英宣传触犯了众怒.
One who attempts to persuade or convert others to a particular program, doctrine, or set of principles; a propagandist.     倡导者试图劝说或改变他人的观念使其相信某一特定项目，道理或原则的人；鼓吹者
Most plants propagate by seed.     大多数植物靠种子繁殖。
The sun sometimes spoils the propagation of radio waves.     太阳有时会影响无线电波的传播。
example sentence not found
His addiction to drugs propelled him towards a life of crime.     他吸毒成瘾使他走上了犯罪的道路。
example sentence not found
Can you free the propeller from the weeds?     你能把螺旋桨上的草除掉吗?
A propensity for being displeased with anything that is not perfect or does not meet extremely high standards.     完美主义对于任何不完美或未达到最高标准的事都有不满意的倾向
The pages aren't in proper order.     这些页数次序不对。
I'm learning German, but I still can't speak it properly.     我正在学习德语，但还说不好。
The police found some stolen property in the thief's house.     警察在小偷的家里发现了一些被盗的财物。
His prophecy was fulfilled.     他的预言应验了。
He prophesied that war would break out.     他预言说战争将要爆发。
The prophet said that war will break out.     先知预言战争将爆发。
His prophetic remarks frightened us.     他那预言性的话吓着了我们。
A prophylactic agent, device, or measure, such as a vaccine or drug.     预防剂预防性的物质、器具或措施，比如疫苗或药物
The neighbours lived in close propinquity toeach other.     这些邻居住得很近.
They offered sacrifices to propitiate the gods.     他们供奉祭品以求神息怒.
example sentence not found
It was not a propitious time to start a new business.     这个时候开张不吉利。
A closet proponent of a tax increase; a closet alcoholic.     增加税收的私下倡议者；私下酗酒者
This painting lacks proportion.     这幅画比例失调。
A pictorial representation of numerical data or relationships, especially a graph, but having each value represented by a proportional number of pictures.     统计图表，象形图用图画表现数字的信息或关系，尤指图表，但用有比例的一定数字的图画来代表每种价值
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Have you accepted his proposal?     你答应他的求婚了吗？
Did he propose to you?     他向你求婚了吗？
A plan that is proposed.     提议被提议的一个计划
Tunnelling under the English Channel is a big proposition.     在英吉利海峡海底凿隧道是一个大问题。
example sentence not found
One granted ownership of a proprietary colony.     领主独占某殖民地所有权的人
I've written a complaint to the proprietor of the hotel.     我向旅馆老板写信投诉。
example sentence not found
The way these tourists dress offends local standards of propriety.     这些游客的穿着在当地人的眼中简直不成体统。
This aircraft works by jet propulsion.     这架飞机是喷气推进的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A quality or style that is prosaic.     平淡无奇平凡的特点或风格
example sentence not found
The sale of narcotics is proscribed by law.     法律禁止贩卖毒品.
example sentence not found
He writes a very clear simple prose.     他写着一手简洁而明快的好散文。
He was prosecuted for exceeding the speed limit.     他被告发超速行驶。
I had to use my car but I ran the risk of being prosecuted because it wasn't taxed.     我只能用我的车了，但我得冒一次被起诉的危险，因为这辆车没有上过税。
In the prosecution of his duties, he had to interview people of all classes.     在履行职责的时候，他得会见各个阶级的人。
The prosecutor brought an accusation of theft against him.     检察官指控他偷窃。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This experience opened a new prospect in his mind.     这一经验为他的思想开阔了新的视野。
The prospect of another war appalled us.     想到有可能发生另一场战争，我们不寒而栗。
Tom is the prospective buyer of my house.     汤姆是可能购买我的房屋的人。
The prospector panned out bits of sand and gravel scooped from the bed of a stream.     探矿者淘选从河床里挖出的少量含金泥沙和砂砾。
He ruined his prospects by carelessness.     他因疏忽大意而断送了前途。
The company was bogus, the prospectus was all got up.     那公司全属子虚乌有，所谓的创办计划是胡编乱造出来的。
The farm prospered through good management.     由于管理有方，农场兴旺发达。
We hope to have a life of happiness and prosperity.     我们希望拥有成功幸福的生活。
His business is prosperous.     他的事业兴旺发达。
A small vestigial blind pouch of the prostate gland.     前列腺囊前列腺的一个小的发育不全的囊
She prostituted herself in order to support her children.     她为养活子女而操皮肉生涯.
He refused the job, saying it would be (a) prostitution of his talents.     他拒不做那工作, 说那是大材小用.
They prostrated themselves before the king.     他们拜倒在国王的脚下。
The principal character in opposition to the protagonist or hero of a narrative or drama.     反面主角叙事文学或戏剧中与主人公或英雄相对立的主要人物
example sentence not found
He raised his arm to protect his child from hurt.     他伸出手去，保护他的孩子免受伤害。
The shield protected him from the blows of his enemy.     这盾牌保护他免受敌人的打击。
She put on dark glasses as a protection against the strong light.     她戴上墨镜以防强光的照射。
The classical argument between free trade and protectionism.     自由贸易和保护主义之间永久的争论
The government decided to impose a protective tariff on foreign cars.     政府决定对进口汽车征收保护税。
Mothers are protectors of their babies.     母亲是孩子的保护者。
example sentence not found
You should eat more high-protein diet.     你应该多吃些高蛋白食物。
He protested his innocence.     他声言自己无罪。
A Protestant delivered a speech to the crowd.     一名新教徒向人群发表了演说。
example sentence not found
A transmission control character used to indicate that one or more of the following bit patterns have no correct interpretations as characters in the code or link protocol of the system.     一种传送控制字符，用于指明一个或多个后继的位模式不能正确地解释为系统编码或系统链路协议中的字符。
A particle, such as an electron, a proton, or a neutron, having half-integral spin and obeying statistical rules requiring that not more than one in a set of identical particles may occupy a particular quantum state.     费密子一种如电子、质子或中子等自旋为半整数的基本粒子，具有一种使得不可能有多于一个的粒子占有任何一个特殊的量子力学态的量子力学对称性
I know the protoplasm is the basis of all animals and plants.     我知道原生质是动物和植物的基础。
No matter how many prototype we make, we just can not get it right.     不管做多少次样品，我们都无法获得满意的。
example sentence not found
Let's not protract the debate any further.     我们不要再继续争论下去了.
example sentence not found
He managed to hang on to a piece of rock protruding from the cliff.     他设法抓住了悬崖上向外伸出的岩石。
Thumb-sucking can cause protrusion of the teeth.     经常吮吸拇指能使牙齿向外突出.
example sentence not found
A knob, knot, protuberance, or swelling.     节，结，瘤球状物、结、节疤或肿瘤
example sentence not found
Tom is very proud of his new car.     汤姆非常满意自己的新车。
She cast her eyes up proudly.     她傲慢地把两眼朝上。
Perhaps this book will prove to be of some use to you in your studies.     也许这本书会对你的研究有用处。
A man is accounted innocent until he is proven guilty.     一个人未被证明有罪前，被视为是清白的。
The act of attributing, especially of establishing a particular person, place, or time as the creator, provenance, or era of a work of art.     归属指归属的行为，尤指将一艺术作品的创作者、地域或时代归属为一特定人物、地点或时间
example sentence not found
He likes to quote proverbs in his compositions.     他喜欢在作文中引用谚语。
The conditioned response, once it is firmly established, can be extinguished dozens of times, but it sill always return, like the proverbial bad penny.     条件反射一经形成，虽然可以一次又一次地压制下去，但是它总会重新再现，真是摆也摆不脱扔也扔不掉。
The hotel provides a reservation of tickets for its residents.     这家旅馆为旅客提供订票服务。
Provided that circumstances permit, we shall hold the meeting next week.     只要情况允许，我们下周将举行会议。
We admired his intellectual providence to acquire vast stores of dry information.     我们钦佩他收集大量原始资料的远见卓识。
Some of the farmers had been provident in the good years but others were ruined by the bad harvests.     有些农民在丰年节衣缩食有备无患, 但也有些农民由於歉收而陷入绝境.
Their departure just before the floods was providential.     他们恰在发洪水之前离开, 走得真是时候.
He is a good provider.     他能使全家丰衣足食。
It's hard to say. I haven't passed my exams yet. It depends on whether I pass my exams or not. Providing I get good marks, I'll go!     难说。我还没考完试呢。这都取决于我能否通过毕业考试。只要我成绩好我就去。
Anything to do with our finances is my wife's province.     一切有关钱财的事都由我妻子管。
His articles are published on the provincial newspaper.     他的文章在省报上发表了。
He wanted to escape from the provincialism of the small university where he taught.     他所执教是一所规模很小的大学, 他想摆脱存在於其中的地方主义桎梏.
Both sides should act according to the provisions of the agreement.     双方都应按协议条款办事。
The act of suspending the sentence of a person convicted of a criminal offense and granting that person provisional freedom on the promise of good behavior.     缓刑对已被认定犯有某罪的人实行暂缓执行其刑罚，并在其保证良好行为的基础上给予暂时的自由
We set out with enough provisions.     我们带上足够的食品出发了。
Depending on a proviso; conditional.     有附带条件的依赖于限制性条文的；条件性的
example sentence not found
They attacked our border guards without the slightest provocation.     在事先未发生任何挑衅的情况下，他们便袭击我们的边防哨兵。
Harry claims to be an anarchist but he's really only striking an attitude to be provocative.     哈里自称是一名无政府主义者，但是他实际上只是在装腔作势以引起人们的议论。
He tried to provoke them into fighting.     他企图挑拨他们打架。
It is very provoking of her to be so late.     她到得这麽晚真叫人生气。
He stands on the prow looking at the sea.     他站在船首看着大海。
The soldiers sang a song of victory, describing their prowess in battle.     战士们唱起了歌颂他们英勇战斗的凯歌。
He saw a hungry wolf on the prowl with his telescope.     他通过望远镜看到了一头四处觅食的饿狼。
example sentence not found
An explosive device used to destroy enemy personnel, shipping, fortifications, or equipment, often placed in a concealed position and designed to be detonated by contact, proximity, or a time fuse.     地雷，水雷一种用来摧毁敌军部队、船舰、碉堡或装备的爆破装置，通常安放在隐蔽处，由于接触、靠近或定时而引爆
example sentence not found
The proxy firewall maintain context more easily than the packet filter firewall.     代理防火墙比包过滤器防火墙易于保持更多的上下文
She was such a prude that she was even embarrassed by the sight of naked children.     她正经得出了格, 甚至见了赤身露体的孩子也难为情.
His prudence saved his life.     他的谨慎救了他一命。
He is a prudent businessman.     他是个精明的商人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An instance of prudish behavior or talk.     假正经过分拘谨的行为或言谈的一个事例
The gardener pruned the dead branches.     园丁剪去枯枝。
I found him pruning his roses.     我看到他正在给玫瑰修剪枝条。
example sentence not found
She showed a prurient interest in the details of the rape case.     她对那强奸案的细节津津乐道.
Can you find me some information about Prussia?     你能给我找到一些关于普鲁士的资料吗？
Prussian army officer and military theorist who proposed the doctrines of total war and war as an instrument of policy. His treatise On War was published posthumously(1833).     克劳塞维茨，卡尔・冯1780－1831普鲁士军官和军事理论家，提出了总体战概念和战争是政治的工具。其论著战争论在其死后出版（1833年）
I don't want them prying into my affairs.     我不愿他们打听我的私事。
example sentence not found
You can find this psalm in the Bible.     你可以在圣经上找到这篇赞美诗。
example sentence not found
This apparent interest of his in modern music is completely pseudo.     他对现代音乐显露出的雅兴纯属自欺欺人.
George Eliot was the pseudonym of Mary Ann Evans.     乔治・艾略特是玛丽・安・埃文斯的笔名.
example sentence not found
Is aggression an essential part of the human psyche?     损人利己是否是人心灵的主宰?
Mescalin and LSD are psychedelic drugs.     仙人球毒　和麦角酸二乙基　胺都是迷幻药.
It must be so small that present methods of psychiatric diagnosis cannot find it.     这一定很小，目前精神病的诊断方法还发现不了。
The Home Secretary asked a consultant psychiatrist to determine whether she ought to be released(or transferred to hospital) on health grounds.     内务大臣叫精神病顾问医生决定是否应该由于健康原因将她释放（或转移到医院）。
example sentence not found
Development of a physical disorder or illness resulting from psychic, rather than physiological, factors.     精神起因一种由心理因素而不是生理因素引起的身体机能失调或疾病
example sentence not found
A licensed practitioner of psychoanalysis.     心理分析医生有开业许可证的心理分析医生
The symposium is topped and tailed by a story which puts Christ's case against God, and one which puts a patient's case against his psychoanalyst.     研讨会开头和结尾分别增加了将基督置于上帝的对立面，将病人置于精神分析家对立面的虚构情况的讨论。
There could be some psychological explanation for his bad health.     他的健康不佳可能有心理上的原因。
Faceless, bodilessvirtual communication may be less psychologically satisfying than actual conversation, and the relationships formed through it may be shallower.     和面对面的交谈相比，这种见不着面、看不见人的“虚”的交流可能会使人从心理上缺乏满足感。人们通过这种交流结下的友谊也不会太深。
Austrian psychologist. He shared a1973 Nobel Prize for studies of individual and social behavior patterns.     洛伦茨，康拉德・扎迦利1903－1989奥地利心理学家。因在个人与社会行为方式方面的研究而获1973年诺贝尔奖
I am always interested in psychology.     我一直对心理学感兴趣。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Tending to induce hallucinations, delusions, or other symptoms of a psychosis. Used of a drug.     拟精神幻觉的能引起幻觉、幻想或其它精神病症状的，用于药物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A therapeutic approach that incorporates breathing, movement, body exercises, psychotherapy, and free expression of feelings to enhance self-awareness and well-being and relieve physical and emotional tension.     生物疗法一种治疗方法，通过协调呼吸、运动、体操、心理疗法，以及自如表达感情以增强自我意识和健康快乐并减轻肉体与情感上的紧张状态
Any of various depressant drugs used to reduce tension or anxiety and to treat psychotic states.     安定药镇定性药物，用来减轻紧张状态或焦虑并治疗精神病症
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We ate our meal at a roadside pub.     我们是在路旁的一家小酒馆里吃的饭。
A boy's voice cracks (ie becomes deeper) at puberty.     男孩在青春期嗓音改变（声音变粗）.
example sentence not found
The town has its own public library and public gardens.     那城市有自己的公用图书馆和公园。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The debate aroused not a speck of public interest.     这次争论没有引起公众丝毫的兴趣。
Public opinion was moving strongly in favor of disarmament.     公众舆论正在强烈支持裁军。
example sentence not found
She has shown a flair for public relations from the beginnings.     他从一开始就已经显露出从事公共关系工作的天赋。
The Public School system is often seen to be the sacred cow of the upper classes.     公学制常常被看作是上层阶级神圣不可侵犯的事物。
That publican of the bar is a woman.     那家酒馆的老板是个女的。
The book is ready for publication.     这本书已准备好随时出版。
He was a distinguished publicist.     他是一位卓越的宣传家。
The matter received wide publicity.     这件事已是众所周知。
A large, usually printed placard, bill, or announcement, often illustrated, that is posted to advertise or publicize something.     海报通常印刷而成的大布告、招贴或公告，常附有插图，张贴以用来宣传或公布某事
She rapped the Minister publicly for his indiscreet remarks.     她公开斥责那位大臣言论失当.
He has published quite a lot of articles.     他发表了不少文章。
The writer refused to make further negotiations with their publisher.     那位作家拒绝和他们的出版社进一步商讨。
The publishing house infringed his copyright.     出版社侵犯了他的版权。
Physical control of the ball or puck by a player or team.     控球球员或球队对球或曲棍球的身体控制
The child's face puckered up and he began to cry.     那孩子脸一皱哭了起来。
example sentence not found
What's for pudding today?     今天吃什么甜点心？
The puddle is full of water.     水坑里充满了水。
A pueblo of northern New Mexico northeast of the town of Taos. Population, 1,030.     陶斯美国新墨西哥州北部一村庄，位于陶斯镇的东北。人口1，030
John made mincemeat of all her arguments, and said that he had never heard anything so puerile before.     约翰把她的论点驳得体无完肤，并说他从来没有听过这样幼稚可笑的道理。
example sentence not found
An island of the West Indies east of Puerto Rico. It is the largest of the British Virgin Islands.     托托拉岛西印度群岛中一岛屿，位于波多黎各以东，它是英属维尔金群岛中最大的一个岛屿
He blew out the candles with a single puff.     他一口气吹灭了蜡烛。
He blew out the candles with a single puff.     他一口气吹灭了蜡烛。
example sentence not found
A pugnacious, unyielding, or determined person.     好斗者好斗的、不屈服的或有毅力的人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The baby puked (up) all over me.     这小孩儿吐了我一身.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Don't pull my hair!     别扯我的头发！
example sentence not found
The pulley of the clothes line jumped the track and Mother's washing fell down.     晾衣服绳子的滑轮脱绳了，妈妈洗的衣服掉了下来。
The hot water shrank my pullover.     我的套头毛衣遇热水後收缩了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A pulmonary disease of horses that is characterized by respiratory irregularities, such as coughing, and is noticeable especially after exercise or in cold weather.     肺气肿马所患的肺部疾病，其症状是呼吸系统不正常，例如咳嗽，在奔跑之后或是寒冷季节尤为明显
A banana is mainly pulp, except for its skin.     香蕉除了果皮之外，主要是果肉。
The policy was condemned (ie by clergymen) from the pulpit.     该项政策受到神职人员的谴责.
example sentence not found
The air seemed to pulsate with the bright light.     空气似乎随着亮光而颤动。
He knew the pulse of the people.     他了解人民的意向。
He pulverized the opposition with the force of his oratory.     他能言善辩把对方驳得体无完肤.
The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries sawa large cat only five yards away from her.     捕捉这只美洲狮的行动是从一个小村子开始的，在那里有位采草莓的妇女曾看到一只“大山猫”离她只有五码远。
The child pummelled his mother angrily as she carried him home.     那孩子因其母带他回家而生气地捶打著母亲.
The heart pumps blood into the veins.     心脏把血液送至血管。
example sentence not found
His wife made some pumpkin pies for supper.     他妻子做了一些南瓜馅饼作晚餐。
He's always punning and I don't find it funny.     他老是使用双关语, 我觉得很没意思.
They cut holes on the sheet of metal with a punch press.     他们用冲床在金属板上打孔。
example sentence not found
Small pieces of paper or cardboard generated by punching holes in paper tape or data cards.     孔屑在纸带或数据卡片上打孔所产生的小纸屑或硬纸片
example sentence not found
My cat makes a punctual appearance at mealtimes.     我的猫一到用餐时间就会准时出现。
Neurotic about punctuality.     过敏性的神经官能症的
Please make every endeavour to arrive punctually.     请尽量准时到达.
He punctuatedhis remarks with thumps on the table.     他讲话时不时地捶著桌子.
Our teacher has a bee in his bonnet about punctuation.     我们的老师没完没了地琢磨著标点符号.
A written or printed symbol used for punctuation; a punctuation mark.     标点符号书写或打印的用作标点的符号；标点符号
I've got a puncture and my spare is flat too!     我的车胎扎破了, 备用的也瘪了!
The pundits disagree on the best way of dealing with the problem.     如何妥善处理这一问题, 专家众说纷纭.
example sentence not found
He exhaled the pungent odor of garlic.     他散发出刺鼻的大蒜味。
Dangerous driving should be severely punished.     危险驾驶应受严惩。
The engine can withstand a great deal of punishment.     这台发动机坚固耐用。
Effective, punitive, or destructive action.     有效的行为有效的、惩罚的或破坏性的行为
I will drop the boy a hint and suggest that he might find it easier to find a job if he got rid of the green punk hair style.     我会暗示那男孩，如果他理掉那绿色的朋克式发型，他也许会发现找工作会容易些。
She soon learned to punt.     她很快就学会了撑方头平底船.
What a puny creature!     多瘦小啊！
All the pups were having a rough-and-tumble in the garden.     小狗都正在花园里又叫又闹.
The children tore the cocoon open to see if there was a pupa.     孩子们撕开蚕茧看看里面有没有蛹。
How many pupils are there in your class?     你的班里有多少名小学生？
Are we the puppets of fate?     我们是听任命运摆布的傀儡吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My father bought me a puppy as a birthday gift.     父亲给我买了一只小狗作为生日礼物。
example sentence not found
A purchasable senator.     腐化堕落的参议员
He managed to secure a loan to purchase a house.     他设法弄到一笔贷款买了一栋房子。
The purchaser of the house will pay the deposit next week.     买房者下星期付定金。
Is this garment made of pure wool, or of wool mixed with nylon?     这件衣服是纯羊毛的，还是羊毛与尼龙混纺的 ？
example sentence not found
Make a puree of the vegetables.     做蔬菜泥吧.
The question is purely academic.     这是一个纯学术性的问题。
example sentence not found
Take some purgative and it will help you purge your bowels of bad matter.     吃点泻药有助于你将肠胃中的有害物质除去。
He's so impatient that waiting in queues is sheer purgatory for him.     他毫无耐性，对他来说排队等候完全是活受罪。
We may purge water by distillation.     我们可以用蒸馏法使水净化。
Purification of water may be achieved by distillation.     水的净化可由蒸馏获得。
You can purify the water by distilling.     你可以通过蒸馏来净化水。
He is too much of a puritan to enjoy dancing.     他在生活上过于奉行清教徒式的原则，所以不能领略跳舞的乐趣。
example sentence not found
We must ensure the purity of drinking water.     我们必须确保饮用水的纯净。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
That girl likes to wear purple dresses.     那个女孩喜欢穿紫色的衣服。
The purport of the statement is that the firm is bankrupt.     该项声明大意是说该商行已经破产。
Did you come to London for the purpose of seeing your family, or for business purposes?     你到伦敦来的目的是为了要看望家人还是为了公事？
They dealt with the problem in a purposeful way.     他们处理这问题很果断.
example sentence not found
The cat purred loudly.     那只猫大声地发出呼噜呼噜声。
Her purse was stolen when she was on the bus.     她的手袋在公共汽车上被偷了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A decision of the local authority pursuant to the power and duties impose upon it by the statutory code.     地方政府根据成文法（典）所给予的权力和义务所作出的决定。
The police are pursuing an escaped prisoner.     警方正在追捕一名越狱的逃犯。
He managed to avoid his pursuers.     他设法甩掉了那些追捕者。
He exercises everyday in pursuit of health.     他为了健康而每天锻炼。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Mozart was, after all, not a mere purveyor of music but one of the supreme dramatic geniuses of all time.     莫扎特毕竟不仅是作曲家，而且是空前的最大戏剧天才之一。
These are questions that lie outside/that do not come within the purview of our inquiry.     这些问题不在我们的调查范围之内.
The tip of an abscess, a boil, or a pimple, in which pus forms.     脓头中间有脓液的脓疮、疖或丘疹的顶端
He pushed her into making a decision.     他催促她做出决定。
example sentence not found
He has come up in the world since he peddled his own baked goods from a pushcart.     他是靠用手推车兜售自己烤制的食品而得以发迹的。
The neighbourhood pusher got Joe a fix.     邻里的不法商贩给乔打了一针毒品。
The examination was a pushover; I knew all the answers.     那次考试很容易，题目的答案我全都知道。
example sentence not found
He made himself unpopular by being so pushy.     他特别喜欢出风头, 所以人缘不好.
example sentence not found
Here puss, puss!     过来，猫咪！
The baby was playing with his pussy.     孩子正和他的猫嬉戏。
I want to know how to put this in French.     我想知道如何用法语来表达这件事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
John tried to help the putt fall by using body English.     约翰尽量把身体扭向洞口方向以期高尔夫球能落进洞内。
example sentence not found
The question puzzled me.     这个问题把我难住了。
His deliverance from the prison puzzled us.     他被从监狱释放使我们困惑不已。
He stared at the words in complete puzzlement.     他注视著那些语句, 茫然不解.
She's been puzzling over his strange letter for weeks.     她几个星期也琢磨不透他那封奇怪的来信.
example sentence not found
He had lost his case and had to borrow Tom's pyjamas.     他丢失了手提箱，不得不向汤姆借睡衣。
No rational person would go to work in his pyjamas.     任何神智正常的人都不会穿着睡衣去上班。
The helicopter lifted up the steel pylon, transported it to the site, and dropped it gently into place.     直升飞机把高压电缆铁塔吊起，运至工地，然后轻轻放下使之就位。
Egypt is famous for its grand pyramids.     埃及以巨大的金字塔闻名。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
So it looks as it the politicians have won. My only point is that it has been a Pyrrhic victory. In no country in the world are politicians held in greater or more open division than they are here.     因此，看起来政治家们取得了胜利。我惟一的想法是，他们为此付出了惨重的代价，未免得不偿失。世界上其他任何一个国家的政治家之间的分歧都没有这里的政治家之间的分歧那么大，那么公开。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I can not make up my mind where to go for my holiday; I'm divided Xian and Qingdao.     我决定不下到底去哪儿度假，是去西安还是去青岛。
He is a quack doctor.     他是个庸医。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The part of the body of a human being or quadruped on either side of the backbone and between the ribs and hips.     腰部人类或四足动物的身体部分，位于脊柱两侧，肋骨与臀部之间
Their profits have quadrupled/They have quadrupled their profits in ten years.     他们的利润十年中增长至四倍[他们使利润在十年中增长至四倍].
We quaffed wine last night.     我们昨晚畅饮了一次酒。
example sentence not found
I quailed with fear at the thought of telling her the bad news.     想到要告诉她这个坏消息，我就害怕得发抖。
What a quaint little building!     多么古雅的一座小房子啊！
example sentence not found
I stood there quaking with fear.     我站在那里，害怕得直发抖。
Quakers strongly oppose violence and war.     教友派信徒们强烈反对暴力和战争。
He's got all the right qualifications but is temperamentally unsuitable.     他具备一切合格的条件，惟独性情不适合。
What sort of qualifications do you need for the job?     做这项工作需要什么资格？
An English system of land tenure from Anglo-Saxon times to1926 that provided for the equal division of land among all qualified heirs.     财产保有权一种英国的土地保有制度，始于盎格鲁－撒克逊时期，废于1926年，即把其土地平均分配给有资格的继承人
The final brings together four qualifiers from each heat.     有四名初赛获胜者进入决赛.
Eighteen-year-olds qualify to vote.     年满十八岁者有选举权.
example sentence not found
He shows quality of leadership.     他显示出领导才能。
Production manager: Initiated quality control resulting in a reduction in working hours by20% while increasing productivity by25%.     生产部经理：引入质量控制，使工作时数减少了20％，而生产力则提高了25％。
He had/felt no serious qualms about concealing the information from the police.     他向警方隐瞒实情而并未感到十分不妥.
I am in a quandary, for this situation is totally unforeseen.     我陷入困惑，因为这个局面完全没有被预料到。
A school of psychology that confines itself to the study of observable and quantifiable aspects of behavior and excludes subjective phenomena, such as emotions or motives.     行为科学主义心理学的一个流派，着重研究行为中可以观察到的、可以量化的方面，排除主观现象，如感情或动机
The cost of the flood damage is impossible to quantify.     这次水灾的损失是无可估量的.
The substitution of one metrical unit for another, especially the substitution of two short syllables for one long syllable in quantitative verse.     长音节的拆分或替换一个韵律元素替代另一个，尤指在数量韵文中用两个短音节替代一个长音节
It was a bad year for films, in terms of both quantity and quality.     今年的电影无论从数量上还是质量上都说不上好。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Liability was admitted by the defendant, but the case went to trial because they could not agree the quantum of damages.     被告承认有责任，但案子还是拿到法庭审判，因为双方当事人不能就损害赔偿金金额达成协议。
He had been kept in quarantine for a week.     他接受了一星期的检疫隔离。
example sentence not found
I got involved in a quarrel about the price.     我被卷入了一场有关价格的争吵。
He is a quarrelsome person.     他是个爱争论的人。
They are quarrying in old manuscripts.     他们正在旧手稿中寻找资料。
He still takes his quarts.     他现在还是照常喝大满杯的啤酒。
It's a quarter past ten.     现在是十点一刻。
A new or substitute offensive play called by the quarterback or a defensive formation called by a linebacker at the line of scrimmage as an adjustment to the opposing side's formation.     改变打法一种在橄榄球争球线上作为就对方阵势的调整，由四分卫发令的新的或替代进攻打法，或由后卫发令的防守阵势
For future transaction we are pleased to grant you credit facilities, and shall submit a quarterly statement.     为了将来处理方便起见，我们确认贵公司信用，并乐于给你方提供按季结算。
Married quarters are houses where soldiers live with their families.     已婚人员营房是军人与其眷属所住的宿舍。
This quartet represents a major new trend in modern music.     这首四重奏的曲子反映了现代音乐中一种主要的新趋向.
The prospectors have discovered such minerals as calcite, quartz and asbestos here.     探矿人员在这里发现了方解石、石英、石棉等矿藏。
A lunar occultation of a quasar.     类星体的月星掩测定
The applicant seek judicial review to quash the bind-over order.     申请人请求司法检查以便废除责令某人守法的命令。
example sentence not found
The children quavered out their little song.     孩子们颤悠悠地唱出了一支歌.
We tied (the boat) up alongside the quay.     我们把船停泊在码头处.
I feel sort of queasy.     我有些恶心.
A town of southern Quebec, Canada, a suburb of Montreal. Population, 37,346.     安茹加拿大魁北克南部的一个城镇，蒙特利尔的郊区，人口37，346
Queen Marie Antoinette of France was the wife of Louis the 16th.     法国玛丽安东妮皇后是路易十六的妻子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Her queer way of dressing attracted the attention of the passerby.     她古怪的着装方式引起了过路人的注意。
The government's reassurances have done nothing to quell the doubts of the public.     政府的再次保证并没有消除公众的疑虑。
Hot steel is quenched to harden it.     烧热的钢淬火使它坚硬。
example sentence not found
The minister was queried about his plans for the industry.     有人向部长提出了工业计划问题。
The quest for gold was difficult.     寻找金矿是很困难的。
May I ask a question?     我可以问一个问题吗？
Such a questionable assertion is sure to provoke criticism.     这种有问题的主张肯定会招致非议。
example sentence not found
By clever questioning they trapped him into making a confession.     他们用巧妙的提问诱使他招认了。
Please complete and return the enclosed questionnaire.     所附问卷请填妥交回。
We queued up for the bus.     我们排队等公共汽车。
A petty distinction or objection; a quibble.     遁辞微不足道的区别或反对；遁辞
He is quick to understand.     他理解能力强。
Your heart beat will quicken when you run up the stairs.     跑上楼梯时，心跳会加速。
I've just made some coffee have you time for a quickie?     我刚煮好咖啡--你能抽空儿喝点儿吗?
He adjusted himself very quickly to the heat of the country.     他很快使自己适应了这个国家炎热的天气。
A place filled with mud or quicksand that is a hazard to cattle.     沼穴充满泥浆或流沙的地方，可对牛群构成威胁
example sentence not found
Something held in the mouth and chewed, such as a quid of tobacco.     咀嚼物，口嚼烟块放在口中进行咀嚼的东西，如烟草块
It is unlikely that such an extremist organization will remain quiescent for long.     这种过激的组织是不太可能长期沉默的.
When he quieted down, I began to tell him the truth.     当他平静下来时，我开始告诉他实情。
Quieten down and get on with your work.     静下心来继续工作吧.
She sang so quietly that I could hardly hear her.     她唱的声音很小, 我几乎听不见.
We enjoyed the quietness of the country.     我们喜欢乡村的平静。
Quietude is the crown of life.     人生何为先，宁静为桂冠。
The duke wrote a letter with a quill pen.     公爵用一根羽毛笔写信。
He bought a heavy quilt for the winter.     他买了一床厚被子过冬。
Quinine is used as medicine against malaria.     奎宁是用来治疗疟疾的药物。
He is the quintessence oftact and politeness.     他处世谦恭得体.
The first item on the program is woodwind quintet.     节目单上的第一个节目是木管五重奏。
example sentence not found
`Who overslept this morning?' She quipped.     ｀今天早晨谁睡过头了?＇她风趣地问.
He have a strange quirk of addressing his wife as Mrs Smith.     他很怪，把自己的妻子称作史密斯夫人。
example sentence not found
I've quit my job.     我辞职了。
The boy has quite recovered.     这男孩已彻底恢复健康。
I've asked you to do this for me because I know you're not a quitter.     我要求你为我做这件事, 因为我知道你做事不虎头蛇尾.
The old man quivered with rage.     这位老人气得发抖。
example sentence not found
We will have a quiz tomorrow morning.     我们明天早晨进行一个小测验。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Do we have a quorum?     我们有法定人数吗？
The quota on import cars has been lifted.     对汽车的进口配额已被取消。
I found a mistake in this quotation.     我在这段引文中发现了一个错误。
example sentence not found
The price they quoted was very low.     他们报的价很低。
example sentence not found
He got a small quotient of his father's property.     他得到了他父亲财产的一小部分。
The rabbi makes pastoral visits every Tuesday.     犹太教教士每星期二对教友进行访问。
I'm just a rabbit at tennis.     我网球打得很差劲。
The rabbles met on the square to oppose their new mayor.     平民们在广场上集会反对他们的新市长。
A rabid football fan.     狂热的足球迷
example sentence not found
He is against race prejudice.     他反对种族歧视。
There is the members' enclosure at the racecourse.     那儿是这个赛马场上的会员座区。
A fine racehorse.     经过极强训练的赛马
The racer meant to win the500-mile race at all hazards.     这位竞赛者决心不顾一切危险，赢得这场500英里的车赛。
One complete round or circuit, especially of a racetrack.     一圈跑道完整封闭的一圈，尤指跑道
We should not have racial discrimination.     我们不该有种族歧视。
example sentence not found
A course or track for racing, especially harness racing.     赛道赛跑中用的路或跑道，尤指赛马
Racism remains a touchy issue.     种族主义可是个要小心处理的问题.
I find his racist views totally repugnant.     我十分厌恶他的种族主义观点.
He put his shoes on the rack.     他把鞋放在架子上。
The students kicked up no end of a racket (ie were very noisy and boisterous) in the street.     这些学生在街上大吵大闹.
Bribes paid to officials by racketeers for immunity from prosecution.     保护费诈骗勒索者为免于被起诉而向官员提供的贿赂
German soldier and raconteur known for his fantastic stories about his adventures as a hunter, sportsman, and soldier.     闵希豪生，卡尔・弗雷德里希・希伦穆斯・冯1720－1797德国士兵，以善讲有关他做为猎人、运动员和士兵的冒险经历的荒诞故事而闻名
The script was a bit racy until the producer wielded his blue pencil.     在制片人挥动他那蓝色铅笔删改前，剧本有一些逃逗性。
The watchtower followed the aircraft by radar.     了望塔通过雷达追踪这架飞机的飞行。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Her face with radiance absorbed me.     她那容光焕发的脸庞吸引了我。
Everything looked radiant in the morning sun.     在朝阳之下，万物焕然一新。
Five roads radiate from this roundabout.     有五条道路以这个环状交叉路为中心向各方伸展开。
The news of the radiation leak caused widespread public alarm.     辐射泄露的消息引起了公众的普遍恐慌。
This car has a fan-cooled radiator.     这部汽车有一个由风扇散热的冷却器。
The talks are aimed at radical reductions in the level of weapons.     那些会谈都以大幅度裁减军备为目标。
All our previous ideas are now in the melting-pot; our jobs are bound to change radically.     我们从前的一切观念都正在改变, 我们的工作肯定要有很大变动.
I heard the news on the radio.     我从广播中听到了这件事。
example sentence not found
The radioactive waste should be buried deeply under the ground in sealed box.     这些放射性废物应该放在密封的箱子里深埋在地下。
Relating to or caused by radioactivity.     放射产生的关于放射性的或由放射性引起的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A radioactive compound used in radiotherapy or diagnosis.     放射性药剂一种用于放射性治疗或诊断的放射性化合物
I bought a large bunch of radishes.     我买了一大捆萝卜。
Radium and uranium are radioactive elements.     镭和铀是放射性元素.
The police searched all the woods within a six-mile radius.     警察搜索了在周围六英里以内的树林各处。
example sentence not found
A radioactive, inert, gaseous isotope of radon, with a half-life of3.92 seconds.     锕射气氡的一种放射性的，惰性的和气态的同位素，其半衰期为3。92秒
He was drinking cheap champagne with a raffish air.     他喝著廉价的香槟酒, 样子十分放荡.
The draw for the raffle takes place on Saturday.     抽彩仪式星期六举行.
We found the shipwrecked sailors on a raft.     我们在一个木筏子上找到了失事船只的船员。
The big rafter is visible in this room.     这间屋子粗大的椽子可以看得见。
He cleaned the car with an oily rag.     他用一块沾油的抹布擦干净汽车。
example sentence not found
He was mad with rage.     他快要气疯了。
The sheep were herded into a ragged line.     这些羊被赶在一起，排成歪歪扭扭的一行。
A pestilence was raging in that area.     瘟疫正在那个地方流行。
example sentence not found
A security guard was killed in the bank raid.     这次银行抢劫案中有一名保安遇害。
example sentence not found
We'll travel by rail.     我们将坐火车旅行。
example sentence not found
He tripped and bashed his head against the railing.     他跌了一跤, 头部撞在栏杆上了.
example sentence not found
The workers were railroaded into signing the agreement.     工人们被逼着匆忙地签订了这个协议。
A new railway is being built.     一条新铁路正在建造之中。
The girl always complains about lacking suitable raiment.     这个女孩总是抱怨没有合适的衣服。
The crops need rain.     农作物需要雨水。
example sentence not found
A rainbow is usually seen after a heavy rain.     大雨之后常有彩虹。
She prepared for all possibilities by taking a sunhat, a raincoat and a woolly scarf.     她带了太阳帽、 雨衣和毛围巾, 一切有备无患.
Raindrops fell on my head.     雨滴落在我的头上。
For ten hours it rained incessantly.     雨不停地下了10个钟头。
This area has very low rainfall.     这个地区雨量稀少。
It's raining hard.     雨下得很大。
The sky clouded over; we could see there was going to be rainstorm.     ＂天空乌云密布，我们看得出快来暴风雨了。＂
Summer is a rainy season in China.     在中国，夏天是一个多雨的季节。
She raised her finger to her lips as a sign for silence.     她举起一根手指放在唇边，示意肃静。
An article of bedding consisting of a pad of tufted cotton batting or similar material, used on a floor or on a raised frame as a mattress or comforter.     蒲团一种由分束棉絮或类似材料制成的垫子构成的寝具，当作床垫或盖被铺在地板或凸起的框架上
He is a cattle-raiser.     他是一个牛羊饲养者。
I asked him to bring me some raisins when he returns from Xinjiang.     我请求他从新疆回来时给我带些葡萄干。
example sentence not found
I'll try and rake out something for you to wear.     我尽量找些东西给你穿。
She wore her hat at a rakish angle.     她把帽子戴得吊儿郎当的。
They rallied to their leader's cause.     他们团结一致支持领袖的事业。
He rammed the tobacco into his pipe.     他把烟丝塞进烟斗。
Muslims fast during Ramadan.     穆斯林在赖买丹月斋戒.
I like rambling around in the country.     我喜欢在乡间漫步。
example sentence not found
Covering a wide field of subjects; rambling.     主题不明的，东拉西扯的包含很大范围的主题；杂乱无章的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Drive the car up the ramp.     把汽车开到斜坡。
The mob rampaged through the village.     这夥暴徒在村中横冲直撞.
Sickness was rampant in the country.     疾病在这个国家猖獗。
The rampart was destroyed totally.     壁垒被彻底摧毁了。
A ramshackle cabin in the woods.     林中一间要倒塌的棚屋
He ran fast enough to catch the thief.     他跑得飞快，足以抓住那小偷。
He is dreaming of owning a ranch in North America.     他正梦想着在北美洲拥有一片大牧场。
The owner or manager of a ranch; a rancher.     牧场主牧场的主人或经营人；牧场主
The butter has gone/turned rancid.     这黄油已经哈喇了.
Bitterness of feeling; rancor.     深仇积怨感情上的怨恨；敌意
example sentence not found
The librarian took a book at random from the shelf.     图书管理员从书架上随便拿了一本书。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Let go, you randy old goat!     放开我, 你这老色鬼!
I was cooking in the kitchen when the telephone rang.     电话铃响的时候我正在厨房里做饭。
Several cars are available within this price range.     在这个价格范围内，有好几种汽车可供选购。
example sentence not found
Ranger must be ready to deal with emergencies of all kinds.     国家公园管理员必须随时准备好处理各种紧急情况。
He is above me in rank.     他的级别比我高。
He ranks with the best English authors.     他名列英国第一流的作家之中。
The insult still rankles in his mind.     他对那次受辱仍然耿耿于怀。
The room had been thoroughly ransacked and the contents of drawers and cupboards lay in confusion on the floor.     房间已被彻底洗劫过，抽屉和橱柜里的东西都乱七八糟地摊在地板上。
The family paid a ransom of 50000 dollars for the child's release.     那家人为了赎回孩子付了5万美元。
He ranted (on) at me about my mistakes.     他大声数落我.
The chairman rapped on the table for order.     主席敲击桌子以维持秩序。
A greedy, rapacious person.     贪心的或贪婪的人
example sentence not found
The enemy raped the country and killed many villagers.     敌人掠夺了这个地区，并且杀害了许多村民。
He made rapid progress in his studies.     他学习上进步很快。
We are surprised by the rapidity of her recovery.     她恢复得那么快，我们都有些惊讶。
He was rapidly leaving the others behind.     他迅速地把其他人甩在后面。
They fell into the seething waters of the rapids.     他们跌进了汹涌的急流中。
example sentence not found
I think that all rapists should be strung up.     我认为所有的强奸犯都应该被绞死。
Father and son have a great rapport.     父子情深.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We listened to her amazing story with rapt attention.     我们全神贯注地倾听她讲的惊人故事。
The mother gazed with rapture at her new born baby.     母亲着迷地凝视着她刚出生的婴儿。
Her new novel was greeted by reviewers with rapturous applause.     她的新小说备受书评家推崇.
He's devoted his whole life to the protection of the rare animals.     他终生献身于珍稀动物的保护。
example sentence not found
I rarely meet him.     我很少见到他。
I have ancient scrolls and other rarities.     我有古书卷等珍品。
You lucky rascal!     你这个幸运的家伙！
Don't do anything rash.     不要鲁莽行事。
He spent money rashly [lavishly].     他花钱很随便[大手大脚]。
That valour which is not found on prudence call rashness.     未经深思熟虑的勇武只能称作轻率。
The teacher get a raspberry as she turn her back.     该教师转过身去时有人用舌与唇发出嘲笑她的声音。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
But you promised to help us, you rat!     可是你答应过要帮我们的忙，你这言而无信的小人！
At the age of60, my father was at last able to get out of the rat race in the city and buy a house in the quiet country side.     我父亲在60岁时终于得以摆脱城市中你争我夺的无情竞争，在僻静的乡下买了一幢房子。
He is generally rated as one of the best modern writers.     他被公认为现代最杰出的作家之一。
His house was rated at$300 a year.     他的房子估计每年应交300美元的税。
These shoes are rather too big.     这双鞋有点太大了。
example sentence not found
These files have been ratified.     这些文件已经批准生效。
The rating system is undergoing some/a complete restructuring.     房地产税制正在进行某些[全面的]调整.
The ratio of schoolboys to schoolgirls is 2 to 1.     男学生和女学生的比例是2比1。
example sentence not found
We were rationed to two eggs a week.     每周配给我们两个鸡蛋。
Man is a rational being.     人是有理性的生物。
I do not understand the rationale behind the decision to sell the warehouse.     我不明白在出售仓库的决定后面有什么原由。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She rationalized her decision to abandon her baby by saying she could not afford to keep it.     她为抛弃婴儿事辩称自己抚养不起.
My parents say I talked rationally enough but for me the time after the accident was total blank.     父母说，我说话倒相当清醒，可是对我来说，在事故发生后的那段时间，我头脑中完全是一片空白。
Rationing water during the drought.     在干旱时期定量供应水
example sentence not found
The child rattled away merrily.     那孩子快活地喋喋不休地说着。
A rattlesnake is a really mean creature.     响尾蛇是很凶的动物.
example sentence not found
The forests were ravaged by fire.     森林毁于火灾。
He wrote a rave review of that book.     他写了一篇对那本书大捧特捧的评论。
Bind the edge of the rug so that it won't ravel.     给地毯镶个边以免开线.
The lion was ravening the prey.     那只狮子在贪婪地吞食着捕获的猎物。
The lion was ravening the prey.     那只狮子在贪婪地吞食着捕获的猎物。
Where's dinner? I'm ravenous!     饭呢？我饿极了！
The river had worn a ravine between the hills.     那条河在两山之间已造成一个深谷。
He was ravished by her beauty.     她的美貌使他倾倒。
He was ravished by her beauty.     她的美貌使他倾倒。
example sentence not found
We imported raw rubber from Malaysia.     我们从马来西亚进口生胶。
She makes use of people she meets as raw material for her fiction.     她把她所遇见的人们作为她创作小说的素材。
A rope or rawhide halter with a wide band that can be lowered over a horse's eyes, used in breaking horses to a bridle.     辔头一种绳索或生皮笼头，带有一条宽带，可以用来遮住马的眼睛，用于勒停马匹
example sentence not found
Her visit brought a ray of sunshine into the children's lives.     她的来访给孩子们的生活带来了欢乐。
I am also permitted to refer to Professor Raymond Powell of the Education Department at the Normal college.     敝人也提请师范学院教育系鲍尔教授作证明人，已得到他的同意。
The city was razed by an earthquake.     地震把这个城市夷为平地。
I shave with an electric razor.     我用电动剃须刀刮胡子。
I want to speak to you re your behaviour.     [口]关于你的行为，我想跟你谈一谈。
The garden reaches down to the lake.     花园一直延伸到湖边。
An acid can react with a base to form a salt.     酸可以和碱起反应而生成盐。
example sentence not found
His reaction on this matter is unexpected.     没料到，他对这件事的反应是这样的。
He's lining up with the most reactionary people in his party.     他在同自己党内最反动的人物结成同盟。
example sentence not found
Not readily reactive with other elements; forming few or no chemical compounds.     惰性的与其它元素反应不活泼的；不能形成或很少能形成化合物的
A reactor is a container for chemical reaction.     反应器是进行化学反应的容器。
I can read French but I can't speak it.     我能看懂法文但不会说。
example sentence not found
It is the combination of wit and political analysis that makes his articles so readable.     他的生花妙笔与政治分析相得益彰, 使他的文章脍炙人口.
Open your German readers at page 28.     把德语课本翻到第28页。
The Daily Echo has a readership of over ten million.     《每日回声报》拥有读者逾一千万人。
He readily promised to help.     他欣然答应帮忙。
The defences are kept in readiness for any enemy attack.     防御工事已筑好，准备对付敌人进攻。
He is a man of wide reading.     他是一个博览群书的人。
It's hard to readjust (oneself) to life in Britain after working abroad.     在国外工作之後, 很难重新适应英国的生活.
example sentence not found
The letter is ready for the post.     信已准备好，可以寄出了。
example sentence not found
Putting the best face on the pullout, the leadership in Moscow and Kabul exchanged official messages reaffirming the continuation of a relationshipsealed by blood.     为使撤军无损颜面，莫斯科与喀布尔（阿富汗首都）的领导人交换官方照会，再度肯定继续“热血凝成的”友谊。
Maybe you can't really blame him, but Mayor Koch obviously hasn't looked at himself in the mirror lately, especially when he says President Reagan is a wimp. I guess it takes one to know one.     也许你实在不应该责备葛市长，他显然最近没照照镜子，尤其他不应该说里根总统是一个窝囊废。我想他自己一定是窝囊废才知道谁是窝囊废。
He mixed the two reagents, though I had told him not to.     他把这两种试剂混起来了，虽然我曾告诉他不要混起来。
What was the real reason for your absence?     你缺席的真正原因是什么？
Lost money in the real estate bubble.     在做房地产投机买卖中亏了本
example sentence not found
Don't copy Jackson's ideas, the realism he uses has been worked to death many times and is no longer interesting.     别抄杰克逊的观点了，他那一套现实主义已经用够了，再也没有什么意思。
I'm a realist I know you can't change people's attitudes overnight.     我是实事求是的人－－知道不可能在一夜之间改变人们的看法。
What a realistic looking apple in the picture!     画中的苹果显得多逼真啊！
example sentence not found
This is not imagination but reality.     这不是想象，是事实。
I was struck by the sudden realization that I would probably never see her again.     我突然意识到可能再也见不着她了。
My wishes have been realized.     我的愿望实现了。
Did she really say so?     她真的那样说吗？
The spy was expelled from the realm.     这名间谍被驱逐出境。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A chattel bound to realty.     不动产附在不动产上的动产
He writes reams of verse.     他写很多的诗。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The peasants are reaping a field of barley.     农民们正在收割大麦。
My father taught me how to operate a reaper.     我父亲教我怎样使用收割机。
Her smile reappears in his mind.     她的笑容再一次浮现在他脑海中。
The engine of this bus is in the rear.     这辆公共汽车的发动机在后面。
I take the trouble to rearrange my schedule, but he do not even want to go another round.     我费力重新安排时间，他却连想都不想去（喝）另一家。
example sentence not found
She can reason very clearly.     她能很清晰地思考。
My mother was always reasonable.     我母亲一向通情达理。
The episode could reasonably serve as a unique epic of royal espionage!     这一事件理所当然地堪称是国王间谍活动的的独一无二的史诗。
His reasoning can't be flawed.     他的推理无懈可击.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A good doctor combines reassurance with fellow feelings for his or her patients.     好医生善于把对他（或她）的病人的同情与消除疑虑结合起来。
The police reassured her about the child's safety.     警察让她放心，她的孩子很安全。
It is reassuring to be enquired after when you're ill. It shows your friends haven't stopped being concerned about you.     如果能询问一下你是何时生病的我们也就放心了。因为你的朋友一直在关心你。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It made my day when I received a￡500 tax rebate.     我收到500英镑税款折扣时乐不可支。
We named the lake Rebecca in memory of her.     为了纪念她, 我们把这个湖命名为丽贝卡。
The stomach rebels against too much food.     胃不能接受过多的食物。
He faces a growing rebellion from the left wing of his party.     他面对着党内左翼日益增强的反对势力。
Those rebellious teenagers are hard to control.     那些反叛的青少年很难管教。
She quarrelled with Paul and then married Peter on the rebound.     她和保罗争吵後愤而嫁给了彼得.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The old man felt reborn in his children.     这个老人觉得在他的孩子们身上获得了新生.
She quarrelled with Paul and then married Peter on the rebound.     她和保罗争吵後愤而嫁给了彼得.
He rebuffed all my offers of friendship.     他拒绝了我的一切友好表示。
The house was rebuilt after the fire.     这所房子是在大火后重建的。
He received a stern rebuke from his superior.     他受到上司的严厉斥责。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Stubborn and intractable; recalcitrant.     执拗的顽固和不受影响的；执拗的
example sentence not found
The danger recalled him to a sense of duty.     这危险的事唤起了他的责任感。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Let me just recapitulate (on) what we've agreed so far.     让我仅扼要重述一下到目前为止我们已取得的一致意见.
The general resolved on an approach by night to recapture the lost ground.     经思考将军拿定主意，乘夜色夺回失去的阵地。
I've been recast as Brutus.     我改演布鲁特斯一角.
As the tide receded we were able to look for shells.     潮水退去，我们就能寻找贝壳了。
Please send me a receipt for the money.     请寄给我一张收到此款的收据。
example sentence not found
His speech was favorably received.     他的演讲很受欢迎。
We received 400 applications for the job.     对这份工作, 我们接到400人的申请.
Their business has failed and is in the hands of the receiver.     他们的公司垮了，现在由破产管理人管理。
You should fix the television antenna before receiving programs.     接收节目前，你应该先装天线。
In recent times the price of just about everything has gone up.     近来差不多样样东西都涨价。
I haven't seen him recently.     我最近没有看到他。
Please find me a receptacle for sugar.     请给我找一个放糖的容器。
The book met with a favorable reception.     此书受到好评。
The receptionist scowled at me.     接待员怒视着我。
One that receives or is receptive.     接受者，接受器接受或容易接受的人或物
example sentence not found
A sensory receptor that detects warmth.     热探测器测量热量的敏感接受器
The committee is going into recess for a couple of weeks.     委员会打算休会几个星期。
If we can pull through this recession, we will be in good shape.     如果我们能渡过这段经济不景气的时间，我们就会好多了。
Brown eyes are dominant and blue eyes are recessive.     棕色眼睛是显性的，蓝色眼睛是隐性的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
What's your recipe for success?     你取得成功有什么窍门？
One who is a recipient of hospitality at the home or table of another.     客人在别人的家中或餐会上受到友好接待的人
They show reciprocal affection to each other.     他们表达了彼此之间的爱慕。
He reciprocated by wishing her good luck.     他也祝她交好运.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The pianist gave a long and varied recital, with a couple of encores for good measure.     那钢琴家的独奏演出会时间长、节目多，还加奏了两支曲子。
Ritual recitation of verbal charms or spells to produce a magic effect.     念咒口头咒语或符咒的仪式性的吟诵以产生魔力的效果
I don't like reciting in public.     我不喜欢当众朗诵。
His brother is a reckless gambler.     他的弟弟是个不计后果的赌徒。
Recklessly wasteful; wildly extravagant.     恣意挥霍的毫不在意地浪费的；极其奢侈的
Recklessness invites disaster.     轻率鲁莽会招致灾难。
I reckon this will be a hot summer.     我估计这将是一个炎热的夏天。
A day of reckoning.     算帐的日子
Her mission was to reclaim former criminals.     她的任务是感化过去的罪犯。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She reclined lazily on the cushions.     她懒洋洋地靠在靠垫上。
example sentence not found
This recluse shunned all company.     这位隐士不与任何人来往。
He has won wide recognition in the field of tropical medicine.     他在热带医学这一领域里广获赞扬。
She was barely recognizable as the girl I had known at school.     我几乎认不出她就是我上学时认识的那个女孩儿.
His thorough knowledge and competence were recognized.     他的渊博的学识和工作能力得到了承认。
He tends to recoil from making difficult decisions.     他在难以作出决定时往往踌躇不前。
Do you recollect her name?     你记得她的名字吗？
I have no recollection of meeting him.     我不记得见过他。
The doctor strongly recommended that he take a holiday.     医生竭力劝他去休假。
example sentence not found
Is a sweet disposition a recommendation in a wife?     温和的性情是做妻子的可取之处吗？
The doctor recommended that the patient be fed liquid food.     医生建议病人应吃流质食物。
The insurance company will recompense his loss.     保险公司将赔偿他的损失。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
How can he reconcile it to his conscience?     他怎能问心无愧呢？
He brought about reconciliation between former enemies.     他使旧时的仇敌和解了。
example sentence not found
Copy this information into the space provided below as a backup reference for service or reconfiguration.     将此信息复制到下列空格内，作为工作或重新设置时的参考备份。
I'd like to reconfirm my reservation.     我要再确认我的预约。
The squadron flew a reconnaissance mission.     该空军中队执行一侦察任务.
example sentence not found
I conjure you most earnestly to reconsider your position.     我最诚恳地请求你重新考虑一下你的立场.
example sentence not found
We reconstructed what the dinosaur looked like from a few of its bones.     我们根据恐龙的一些骨头重组恐龙的原貌.
We reconstructed what the dinosaur looked like from a few of its bones.     我们根据恐龙的一些骨头重组恐龙的原貌.
Reconstruction of that building is impossible.     再重建这座建筑物是不可能的。
He has a long criminal record.     他有长期犯罪记录。
The thermometer recorded 40C.     温度计上显示出40C.
He bought a new cassette recorder.     他买了一台新的盒式录音机。
The recording was spoiled by scratches.     录音被沙沙声破坏了。
They had to recount the vote.     他们不得不重新计算选票。
We recouped the show's expenses from ticket sales.     我们从门票收入中赚回演出的费用.
You'd better have recourse to her.     你最好向她求助。
The police recovered the stolen jewellery.     警察找回了被盗的珠宝。
An artificial, recoverable satellite that is designed to carry and support humans, animals, or other living organisms.     生物卫星设计用于运送和搭载人、动物或其他生物的、人造可返回式卫星
Th woman was delighted at the recovery of her stolen jewels.     那位妇人对找回被盗的珠宝感到非常高兴。
You recreant knave!     你这个不义之徒!
I charge you not to hunt or recreate your selves on that sacred day.     我可告诉你，在那个神圣的日子里不许打猎或搞娱乐活动消遣。
His only recreations are drinking beer and working in the garden.     他仅有的消遣是喝啤酒和在花园里种花草。
There are few recreational facilities in our school.     我们学校里几乎没有什么娱乐设施。
It's natural to recriminate against someone who has tried to put the blame on you.     对企图加罪于你的人进行反责，这是很正常的。
Let's make friends, instead of wasting our time on recriminations.     我们交个朋友吧，不要浪费时间互相指责。
example sentence not found
We are having difficulties in recruiting well-qualified staff.     我们难以招募到素质好的职员。
example sentence not found
This room is a rectangle.     这间屋子是长方形的。
I put a rectangular box on the table.     我把一个长方形的盒子放在桌子上。
Rectification means the whole Party studying Marxism through criticism and self-criticism.     整风就是全党通过批评和自我批评来学习马克思主义。
A diode is used as a rectifier.     二极管用作整流器。
I made a mistake that can not be rectified.     我犯了一个无法改正的错误。
example sentence not found
He was appointed the rector of the middle school.     他被任命为那所中学的校长。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is still recuperating from his operation.     他动手术後仍在恢复中.
The old undue grip relaxes and the process of recuperation and repair begins.     你原先不适当的紧张得以放松，开始了恢复和修整的过程。
example sentence not found
My first meeting with her often recurs to my memory.     我与她的第一次会面的情景经常出现在我的记忆中。
A sudden attack, recurrence, or intensification of a disease.     发作突然的发作、复发或疾病的加剧
I have a recurrent dream that I've turned into an elephant.     我屡次梦见自己变成了大象.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Recycling is the only proper way.     循环再生是惟一的好办法。
I received a bunch of red roses on my birthday.     生日那天，我收到一束红玫瑰。
The durable, aromatic wood of any of these plants, especially that of the red cedar, often used to make chests.     雪松木这些植物的耐久的、带香味的木材，尤指红雪松的木材，常用于制作箱子
Each worker contributed one dollar to the Red Cross.     每个工人都向红十字会捐献了一美元。
A bird that eats insects, fruit, and seeds; stopped eating red meat on advice from her doctor.     习惯吃昆虫、水果和种子的鸟；她听医生的劝告停止吃红色肉类
The reddening sky threw into relief a line of trees on the horizon.     通红的天空使地平线上的一行清晰可见。
She brought a coat with reddish fur.     她买了一件略带红色皮毛的衣服。
We can redecorate the room at little expense, if we use this old paint.     我们要是用这种旧漆重新装饰这房间, 就不用花多少钱了.
He was trying to redeem himself for his earlier failure.     他试图挽回他早些时候的失败。
example sentence not found
The boy is beyond redemption.     这个男孩子不可救药了。
From something he let fall, I believe they are planning to redesign the machine.     从他透露的话里看，我想他们是打算重新设计这台机器。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The reporter had a red-hot story.     那个记者掌握著最新消息。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I want to redo the apartment to go with my new furniture.     我刚买了新家具，想重新装潢房子。
He is redolent of evil.     他浑身充满了邪气。
example sentence not found
Her hard work redounds to her credit/to the honour of the school.     她工作努力从而提高了自己的声誉[为学校增添了荣誉].
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
You must seek redress in the law courts for the damage to your car.     你的车子受到了损坏，你应当通过法律途径要求赔偿。
He is reduced almost to a skeleton.     他瘦得几乎变成了一个骨头架子。
Can you give me a 5% reduction?     你能给我打九五折吗？
example sentence not found
The takeover cause250 redundancy.     接管移交造成250人的裁员。
In the sentence She lives alone by herself, the word alone is redundant.     在“她独自一人单独生活中”这个句子中，＂单独”是多余的。
example sentence not found
There are some reeds in the pond.     池塘里有些芦苇。
example sentence not found
The ship was wrecked on a reef.     这船触礁失事了。
Do you smell the reek of stale tobacco?     你闻到发霉烟草的臭味了吗？
He reeled back into the room.     他摇摇摆摆地走回房间。
Mayor Jones comes up far reelection this fall.     琼斯市长今年秋天将再度参加竞选。
example sentence not found
I reentered the room by another door.     我从另外一个门再次进入该房间。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This regulation refers only to children.     这些规定仅适用于儿童。
The referee awarded a free kick.     裁判员判定罚一个任意球。
There is no further reference to him in her diary.     她的日记中没有进一步提到他。
example sentence not found
The question was decided by referendum.     这问题是由全民投票决定的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Allow me to refill your cup.     请允许我给您再斟上一杯。
example sentence not found
The oil will be refined.     这些石油将被精炼。
She's so refined that she always eats cake with a little fork.     她非常文雅，吃蛋糕一定用小叉子。
Her mother is a woman with great refinement.     她母亲是一个非常文雅的女人。
He was dismissed from the oil refinery.     他被那家炼油厂解雇了。
The results reflect the greatest credit upon all concerned.     这些成绩带给所有有关人员最大的荣誉。
On further reflection she saw her mistake.     进一步细想后，她明白了自己的错误。
Not reflective; unthinking.     不加思虑的；不思考的
example sentence not found
It's just a dog's reflex movement.     这正是狗的反射运动。
example sentence not found
You have had every chance to reform.     你是一直有改过自新的机会的。
The politician was a famous social reformer.     那位政治家曾是著名的社会改革家。
Light is refracted when passed through a prism.     光线经过棱镜时产生折射现象.
Having one direction along which double refraction of light does not take place. Used of a crystal.     单轴晶体的有一个方向的，沿此方向不发生光的双折射。用于晶体
The state or quality of being stubborn or refractory.     顽固，倔强顽固、固执或倔强的状态或性质
Let's hope they will refrain from hostile actions.     希望他们不采取敌对行动。
I refreshed myself with a cup of coffee.     我喝了一杯咖啡给自己提提神。
There is nothing as refreshing as lemon tea.     什麽都不如柠檬茶那样提神.
They came into the room for some refreshment.     他们进屋吃点东西。
example sentence not found
Mary put a lot of food in the refrigerator.     玛利把许多吃的放在冰箱里了。
example sentence not found
A small cave was the only refuge from the cold.     小洞穴是唯一的避寒处。
The government has set two refugee camps.     政府已经建了两个难民营。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I'd like a refund.     我想要退款。
The flat will be refurbished for the new tenants.     这套房间将重新粉刷以接纳新房客.
He made a refusal of her invitation.     他拒绝了她的邀请。
He asked me to marry him but I refused.     他向我求婚，但我拒绝了。
A person engaged in or inclined to controversy, argument, or refutation.     辩论者；争辩者从事或喜欢争辩、辩论或驳斥的人
I was able to refute his argument.     我能驳倒他的论点。
He regained his health after the operation.     手术后他恢复了健康。
The regal lady had made a deep impression on him.     那位雍容华贵的妇人给他留下了深刻的印象。
She regaled us with an account of her school-days.     她讲她上学时的往事把我们逗得不亦乐乎.
She is generally regarded as one of the best writers in the country.     人们普遍认为她是该国最优秀的作家之一。
I know nothing regarding the future.     我对未来一无所知。
All our proposals were rejected, regardless of their merits.     我们所有的建议都遭到拒绝，不管这些建议的价值如何。
They decorated the house regardless of cost.     他们不惜工本装修这栋房子。
Should you happen to see him, please give him my regards.     如果你碰巧见到他，请代我向他致意。
example sentence not found
Dave Barber, a bartender at Lexington's Hyatt Regency Hotel, said:I think she has definitely become one of the little people now. Just deserts. I don't know if the judge and the jury took that into account, but the man upstairs did.     在莱克辛顿大道上的凯悦大酒店一位调酒师巴伯说，“我看她现在肯定成了一个小人物了。罪有应得。不知道法官和陪审员会不会把那句话考虑进去，可是上天有眼。”
The party soon regenerated under her leadership.     该党在她的领导下很快焕然一新.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The regent carried out an advanced system in his country.     摄政者在他的国家推行了一套先进的制度。
example sentence not found
Things will change under the new regime.     在新政权下，事情将会发生变化。
example sentence not found
Teenagers don't like being regimented.     十几岁的青少年不喜欢被严格管教。
The regimental mascot is a goat.     这个团的吉祥物是山羊.
example sentence not found
Her motherland is in the tropical region.     她的祖国位于热带地区。
A regional dialect or language that becomes the standard language over a wider area, losing its most extreme local features.     共通语一种地区方言或语言，它成为广大地区的通用语言而失去了最显著的地方特征
example sentence not found
The car was registered in my name.     汽车是用我的名字登记注册的。
The car was registered in my name.     汽车是用我的名字登记注册的。
example sentence not found
You can obtain the application from the registrar.     你可以向注册人员索取申请书。
What's your company's registration number in customs?     你们公司的海关注册号码是多少？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A type of schizophrenia, usually starting at puberty, characterized by foolish mannerisms, senseless laughter, delusions, hallucinations, and regressive behavior.     青春期痴呆一种精神分裂症，通常始发于青春期，其特征为举止痴呆、傻笑、妄想、幻觉以及退化的举止
We informed her with regret of our decision.     我们遗憾地把我们的决定通知她。
His decision is made us feeling regretful.     他的决定令人感到遗憾。
I very regretfully tell you, and your examination is failed.     我很遗憾地告诉你，你考试不及格。
It is regrettable that few people shall walk today because of the development of traffic facilities.     由于交通设施的发展，现在很少人愿意步行，这是很可惜的。
A cube is a regular solid.     立方体是正多面体。
Regularity ought to be observed, as regularity is very conducive to health.     生活应遵守规律，因为规律对健康有益。
I regularly get letters from people who have read my books.     我经常收到读过我的书的读者的来信。
Accidents sometimes happen even in the best regulated families.     即便是在管理最好的家庭，事故有时也会发生的。
She was fined for driving above the regulation speed.     她因超速开车而被罚款。
His defense, which seems credible on the evidence so far, is that the bank masked its skullduggery so completely that no regulator anywhere in the world could get a handle on it.     他的辩词（根据目前证据似乎可信）是：银行把它的偷天换日的做法遮掩得天衣无逢，全世界任何地方的监管人员都无法掌握。
Complaint is referred to several regulatory body.     投诉提交给好几个管理机构。
He's simply regurgitating stuff remembered from lectures.     他只不过是照背讲义而已.
Punishment intended to rehabilitate or improve.     处罚为复原或提高而进行的惩罚
The study, theory, and practice of prison management and criminal rehabilitation.     刑狱学一种对刑罚典狱和监狱管理的研究、实践和理论
His answer is just a rehash version of my lecture.     他的回答只不过是把我的讲义重复了一遍。
The whole cast broke off for coffee in the middle of rehearsal.     全体演员在排练休息时喝咖啡。
The actors were rehearsing the play.     演员们一直在排练这出戏。
He reigned over the country for forty years.     他统治了这个国家四十年。
All expenses will be reimbursed (to you).     一切费用都能（给你）报销.
example sentence not found
This horse reins well.     这匹马易于驾驭。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Reindeer have branched antlers.     驯鹿有带叉的角。
Our defences must be reinforced against attack.     我们必须加强防御设施以抵御进攻。
The soldiers held the fort desperately till reinforcement arrived.     战士们拼死坚守阵地，直到援军到来。
His supporters failed in their attempt to reinstate the President in the White House.     他的支持者试图使总统重新入主白宫的努力失败了。
example sentence not found
The captain reiterated the command to us.     上尉对我们重申了那项命令。
The supermarket rejected all spotted apples.     超级市场丢弃了所有的烂苹果。
Her proposal met with continual rejections.     她的建议一再遭到拒绝。
We rejoiced at the good news.     我们为这个好消息而高兴。
Yes,  I said, rejoicing with him.     是的。我真替他高兴。
You're wrong!' she rejoined.     ｀你错了!＇她答道.
`No!' was his curt rejoinder.     他草率地回答了一声｀不!＇
example sentence not found
Nothing could rekindle her extinct passion.     她激情已逝, 无从心回意转.
example sentence not found
Children need to learn to relate to other children.     孩子们应该学会与其他孩子友好相处。
A variable so related to another that for each value assumed by one there is a value determined for the other.     应变量，函数一个与他量有关联的变量，这一量中的任何一值都能在他量中找到对应的固定值
Their relationship has lasted many years.     他们的感情已经有很多年了。
example sentence not found
Those two countries have broken off diplomatic relations again.     那两个国家再次终止了交往。
Their relationship has lasted many years.     他们的感情已经有很多年了。
The teacher asked me some questions relative to my paper.     老师问了我一些和我的论文有关的问题。
The dynamics of bodies moving relative to gases, especially the interaction of moving objects with the atmosphere.     空气动力学相对于气体的物体移动，特别是移动物体与大气相互作用的动力学
Relatively speaking, it's not important.     相对来说，那并不重要。
Not everyone can understand Einstein's Theory of Relativity.     不是每个人都能读懂爱因斯坦的相对论的。
His muscles relaxed.     他的肌肉松弛了。
Would you like to have some relaxation after swimming?     游完泳后你愿意放松一下吗？
An informal gathering of friends; a relaxed, informal manner.     朋友们的非正式聚会；一种放松的、随便的方式
I find stamp collecting relaxing and it takes my mind off my work.     我觉得集邮是一种休息，因为它可以使我的注意力从工中移去。
Scientists have set up two kinds of relay stations. One kind is on the earth, the other is a satellite placed in space around the earth.     科学家们已建立了两种中继站，一种在地球上，而另一种是放在地球周围太空中的卫星上。
A relay race is a race in which each member of each team runs part of the distance.     接力赛跑是各队的每个成员各跑部分路程的一种赛跑。
He was released from prison after serving his sentence.     他刑满获释。
Will Spurs be relegated to the third division?     斯珀尔斯队会降为丙级队吗?
At first she threatened to dismiss us all, but later she relented.     起初她威胁要解雇我们所有的人，但是后来她态度软化了。
He was relentless in demanding repayment of the debt.     他冷酷无情地要求偿还那笔债。
He drives the team relentlessly.     他无情地鞭策全队苦练。
I really can't see what relevance is has, I'm afraid.     恐怕我确实看不出那有什么关系。
example sentence not found
His nationality isn't relevant to whether he's a good teacher.     他的国籍与他是否是位好老师无关。
Performance is less important than reliability in a car.     汽车的可靠性比其机械性能更重要.
I don't think he is a reliable man.     我认为他不是一个可靠的人。
Don't place too much reliance on his advice.     别太相信他的意见。
This stone axe is a relic of ancient times.     这把石斧是古代的遗物。
In its spacious halls are displayed over8000 priceless relics.     在它宽敞的大厅里，展出了8000多件珍贵文物。
example sentence not found
It was a great relief to find that my family was all safe.     看到我的家人安然无恙，我感到极大的欣慰。
The general was relieved of his command.     将军被解除了指挥权。
The general was relieved of his command.     将军被解除了指挥权。
Politics and religion are daily topics of conversation.     政治和宗教是人们平常交谈的主要话题。
She is very religious and goes to church three times a week.     她非常虔诚，每周去教堂三次。
She relinquished possession of the house to her sister.     她把房子的所有权让给了她妹妹。
example sentence not found
His wife won't relish having to wash all those dishes.     他的妻子不会喜欢洗这一大堆碟子的。
I relive that fateful day over and over in my mind.     我在思想上不断地重温著那决定不幸命运的日子。
example sentence not found
The management decided to relocate the factory in Bristol.     资方决定将工厂建在布瑞斯托尔。
A process of dynamic relocation in which contiguous segments are moved to one end of the memory to combine all unused storage at the other end.     一种能动态重新安排存储器的处理技术，即把各连续已用的存储段移到存储器的一端，把未使用的存储空间集中到存储器的另一端。
She showed the utmost reluctance.     她显得极其勉强。
They were very reluctant to help.     他们不大愿意帮忙。
I've known Steve for a year now but I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that he's a fool.     现在我已认识史蒂夫一年了，可是我却不情愿地得出他是一个傻瓜的结论。
We are relying on your decision.     我们相信你的判断。
In some respects REM sleep seems similar to being awake.     他们在某些（所有／没有／一些）方面彼此相似。
When the others had gone, Mary remained and put back the furniture.     当其他人走了之后，玛丽留下来，将家具放回原处。
He spent the remainder of his life in the country.     他在乡村度过余生。
Guests were crowded into the few remaining rooms.     把客人都挤在剩余的几个房间里了。
The remains of the supper were taken away.     晚餐吃剩的东西被收去了。
They made rude remarks about her appearance.     他们对她的外表横加粗暴的评论。
The child is remarkable for his cleverness.     这孩子聪明得惊人。
Although he's over eighty his mind is still remarkably alert.     他虽已年过八十，但头脑仍然十分机敏。
I won't dispute the justice of his remarks.     我不怀疑他的话是公平合理的。
example sentence not found
The confidence gained in remedial classes carried over into the children's regular school work.     孩子们在辅导班上获得的自信持续到他们正常的学校学习中去
Her illness is beyond remedy.     她的病不可救药。
Please remember me to your family.     请代我问候你的家人。
Something given as a token of love, affection, or remembrance.     信物，纪念品作为爱、喜爱或纪念的一种标志
This story reminds me of my childhood.     这个故事让我想起了我的童年。
These ruins are an eloquent reminder of the horrors of war.     这些废墟形象地提醒人们不要忘记战争的恐怖。
Old friends like to reminisce about thegood old days.     老朋友们总喜欢谈论那“美好的往昔”。
He entertained us with reminiscence of his childhood.     他追述他的童年时代，从而使我们高兴起来。
His style is reminiscent of Picasso's.     他的艺术风格很像毕加索的.
Critics have charged that the department was remiss in not trying to dialogue with representatives of the community before hiring the new officers.     在雇用新的官员之前，评论家们已指责该部门在与社会代表的对话中对自己的职责有疏忽
The company gained remission from tax payments.     这家公司获准免税。
The storm has been remitted.     暴风雨开始减弱了。
He has returned the completed form with your remittance.     他已经把填好的表格连同你的汇款一并寄回了。
example sentence not found
The beautiful curtain is made of remnant materials.     这个漂亮的窗帘是用零头布做的。
example sentence not found
I made remonstrance against his rudeness.     我对他的粗暴提出抗议。
I remonstrated with him about his rudeness.     他粗暴无礼, 我给他提了意见.
He was filled with remorse after hitting the child.     他打过孩子后感到悔恨不已。
He represented to the court that the accused was very remorseful.     他代被告向法庭陈情说被告十分懊悔.
The connection between these ideas is very remote.     这两种看法之间的距离很大。
The bomb was exploded by remote control.     这颗炸弹是遥控引爆的。
It isn't remotely possible that you will be chosen to go.     挑选你去的可能性并非很小.
example sentence not found
An output unit that directly produces a hard copy record of data on a removable medium, in the form of a two-dimensional graphic representation.     一种输出设备，将数据以二维图形表示方式直接在可移动的介质上产生硬拷贝记录。
We haven't told our friends about our removal to London.     我们还没有告诉我们的朋友我们搬家到伦敦了。
Our office has removed to Shanghai from Beijing.     我们的办公室已从北京迁到上海。
Superficial scratches can be easily removed.     表面的划痕很容易擦掉。
example sentence not found
Payment for labor or services to a worker, especially remuneration on an hourly, daily, or weekly basis or by the piece.     工资为劳动或服务伏给一个工人的报酬，尤指按小时、天数或周给或按工作量给
He is in a very remunerative job.     他有个报酬高的工作。
Leonardo da Vinci is a famous artist in the Italian Renaissance.     利奥纳多・达・芬奇是意大利文艺复兴时期的一位知名画家。
People with renal diseases have to eat salt-free foods.     患有肾脏疾病的人只能吃不含盐的食物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The party was rent in two.     这个政党分裂成两派。
You've rendered me a service.     你帮了我的忙。
Rendering poetry into other languages is difficult.     翻译诗歌是很困难的.
That spring he surprised his wife and Laroche-Mathieu at a rendezvous.     这一年春天，他在妻子与拉罗哲・马底欧幽会时出其不意地将他们捉了双。
A pale rendition of the aria.     独唱曲的无力表演
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He renewed the book for another two months.     这本书他又续借了两个月。
Is the permit renewable?     这个许可证可以延期吗？
Any renewal of negotiations will be welcomed.     恢复谈判的任何做法都值得欢迎。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He renounced his religion and became a Muslim.     他宣布脱离他原来的宗教而成为了一名穆斯林教徒。
example sentence not found
The costly renovation of the old college building was criticized by most teachers.     花费很大的旧校舍的修复工程受到大多数老师的批评。
He won renown as a pianist.     他赢得钢琴家的声誉。
The French are renowned for their cooking.     法国人擅长烹饪.
I rent a room from her.     我向她租了一个房间。
I'm going to have a video rental shop and make a bomb!     我要开一个出租录像带的店，赚大钱！
Frank rented out his gas station.     弗兰克把他的加油站租了出去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
School reopens next week.     下周学校复课。
The product has only been on the market ten days and we are already getting reorders.     这种产品上市仅十天，而我们已不断收到再订购单。
A plan of reorganization is reported to be now in the works.     据报道一项改组计划正在拟定之中。
The new manager was delegated to reorganize the department.     派这位新经理重新组织该部门.
Arrive Beijing rep pleasant.     已到北京，旅途愉快。
example sentence not found
He repaid me only with ingratitude.     他给我的报答只是忘恩负义。
How can I repair the wrong I have done her?     我冤枉了她，怎样才能补救呢？
He is a man of parts; he is either a repairman, or a carpenter, either a barber or a good tailor.     他是一个多面手，既是修理工，也是木匠，既是一个理发师，也是一个好裁缝。
example sentence not found
Now ordinary repairs can be handled in our plant.     现在一般的修理工作都可在我们厂进行了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The guests partook of a luxurious repast in the banqueting hall.     贵宾们在大餐厅参加一个宴会。
example sentence not found
How can I ever repay you for your kindness?     我该怎样才能报答你的好意呢？
The Congress decided to repeal the law.     议会决定废除那项法令。
Repeat the oath after me.     请跟着我宣誓。
example sentence not found
The prisoner repeated denials of the charges against him.     囚犯对被控罪名再三否认。
I've told you repeatedly not to do so.     我再三告诉过你不要做那件事。
example sentence not found
An act of repeating.     重复重复的行为
She was repelled by the dirty room.     肮脏的房间使她厌恶。
Rub some of this mosquito-repellent on your legs.     你在腿上搽点驱蚊剂吧.
He repented what he has done.     他懊悔他的所作所为。
We finally forgave him when he expressed his repentance with tears.     当他流着泪表达他的悔恨时，我们终于原谅了他。
He is repentant of his folly.     他对自己的愚蠢行为而懊恼。
The president's death had unexpected repercussion.     总统的逝世引起出乎意料的反响。
A pianist's wide-ranging repertoire; a wide-ranging interview.     钢琴家内容丰富的曲目；内容广泛的采访
Jane weighed down her repertory with these plays.     简加上这几出戏，使她的演出剧目得到了加强。
This accident is a repetition of the one that happened here three weeks ago.     这起车祸是三星期前在这里发生过的车祸的重演。
In a character string, to reduce the space taken on a data medium by repetitive characters.     减少字符串中由于字符的重复出现而占据的数据媒体空间。
If I can rephrase what I had just said, I think our resource is not renewable.     如果我可以把我刚说的话重新措辞一下，我变为我们的资源是不能再生的。
He repined against his unhappy lot.     他自叹命运多舛。
He replaced the book in the shelf.     他把书放回到书架上。
A person, unlike a machine, is not replaceable.     人和机器不同，是不可替代的。
The replacement of one image by another during a period of time by the motion of a boundary separating the visual parts of the two images.     在图象显示期间，一幅图象由另一幅图象取代。同一屏幕上，两幅图象的可见部分有一分界线，移动这一分界线，把一幅图象逐渐抹掉（划出），逐渐显示另一幅图象（划入）。
example sentence not found
England were worsted in the replay.     英格兰队在重赛中败北.
We need to replenish our stocks of coal.     我们需要再次补充煤的储备。
His story was replete with falsehood.     他的报导充满了虚伪。
example sentence not found
I had a replica in little of Independence Hall.     我有一件独立纪念堂的小型复制品。
The chameleon's skin replicates the pattern of its surroundings.     变色龙的皮肤可随环境改变颜色.
example sentence not found
He gave me no chance to reply to his question.     他没有给我回答他问题的机会。
The press in China widely reported the event.     中国报界广泛报道了此事。
A disastrous report card.     极糟的成绩报告单
example sentence not found
The star is reportedly very ill.     据说该明星病重.
The witness is an on-the-spot reporter.     证人是一名在现场的记者。
Don't repose too much confidence in that man.     不要对那人过于相信。
My father is a repository of interesting facts.     我父亲有说不完的趣事.
I've been authorised by the court to repossess this property.     我得到法庭认可重新拥有这笔财产。
example sentence not found
Your conduct/attitude is most reprehensible.     你的行为[态度]的确应该受到批评.
This essay represents a considerable improvement on your recent work.     这篇论文说明你最近的工作取得了相当大的改进。
They demanded political representation.     他们要求建立政治代表制。
The tiger is a representative of the cat family.     老虎是猫科动物的典型。
His childhood was repressed and solitary.     他的童年是压抑而孤独的。
The method of psychiatric therapy originated by Sigmund Freud in which free association, dream interpretation, and analysis of resistance and transference are used to explore repressed or unconscious impulses, anxieties, and internal conflicts.     心理分析由西格蒙德・弗洛伊德创立的一套精神治疗的方法，用自由联系、对梦的阐释和对抵抗和移情的分析来研究被压抑或无意识的冲动、焦虑和内心冲突
His repression broke out.     他的压抑终于爆发了。
The people are held down by a vicious and repressive military regime.     人民受著凶恶而专制的军政权的压迫.
The prisoner won a last-minute reprieve.     那囚犯在临刑前获得了缓刑。
He felt more like laughing at the child's escapade than scolding him, but, solemn as an owl, he got through the necessary reprimand.     那孩子的恶作剧与其说让他责骂，倒不如说让他啼笑皆非，然而，他还是起来进行了必要的惩戒。
The editor agreed to reprint your article in the next issue.     编辑同意将你的文章重刊在下一期上。
In those days, objections would only invite reprisals.     在那时候，提出反对意见只会引起报复。
His reply sounded to me like a reproach.     他的回答在我听来象是责备。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Most fish reproduce themselves by laying eggs.     大多数鱼产卵繁殖。
example sentence not found
The quality of reproduction isn't very good on this recording.     这次录音复制的质量不怎么好。
The reproductive quality of audio tapes has improved enormously.     录音磁带的复制质量有了很大改进。
A programmable read-only memory that can be erased by exposure to ultraviolet light and then reprogrammed.     可擦写编程的只读存储器可编程只读存储器，可经紫外线照射后去掉原程序后再编程
You can scarcely expect to escape reproof for such irresponsible behavior.     你这样不负责任的行为，不能不受到责备。
She reproved him for telling lies.     她骂他说谎。
Snakes and crocodiles are reptiles.     蛇和鹗鱼都是爬行动物。
example sentence not found
An official policy of racial segregation practiced in the Republic of South Africa, involving political, legal, and economic discrimination against nonwhites.     种族隔离制南非共和国实行的一种官方的种族隔离政策，包括在政治、法律和经济诸方面对非白色人种的歧视
The United States shall guarantee to every state in this union a republican form of government.     美利坚合众国保证合众国各州实行共和政体。
He repudiated the court's decision to offer bail.     他不接受法庭的保释裁决.
I cannot overcome my repugnance to eating snails.     吃蜗牛真恶心，我可受不了。
The idea of accepting a bribe was repugnant to me.     我一想到受贿这种事就非常反感.
I repulsed her kindness.     我拒绝了她的好意。
example sentence not found
You repulsive little toad!     你这个讨厌的癞蛤蟆!
It's a highly reputable firm.     这是一家有名气的公司。
This store has an excellent reputation for fair dealing.     这家商店因公平交易而获好名声。
He is held in high repute.     他名声很好。
He is reputed as/to be the best surgeon in Paris.     他是公认的巴黎最好的外科医生.
Full details will be sent on request.     有详细材料备索。
Your presence is requested at the meeting.     请你务必出席会议。
But to Mozart--- at that time sick, depressed, haunted by the thought of death--- the stranger seemed a messenger from the other world, bidding him write his own requiem.     但是，对莫扎特来说――此时他身体不好，情绪低落，整天想着死――这个陌生人无异是从另一个世界派来的使者，来命令他写下他自己的安魂曲。
The floor requires washing.     这地板该洗了。
Being a substance that is required for normal functioning but does not need to be included in the diet because of the body's ability to synthesize it from other nutrients.     （氨基酸）非必需的是正常的运转所需要的物质的，但因为机体有从其它营养成分合成它的能力，因此不需要被包括在日常的食物中的
Candidates who fail to meet these requirements will not be admitted to the University.     不符合这些要求的考生不能上这所大学。
I must buy some toilet requisites.     我必须买些卫生间必需品。
The town hall was requisitioned as army headquarters.     市政厅徵用作了军队的指挥部。
One's due, reward, or punishment; requital.     报偿，报应一个人应得报酬、报答、惩罚；补偿，赔偿
Our kindness and trust was requited only with dishonesty on their part.     对我们的善意和信任，他们以欺诈来回报。
It's no use. I've read and reread the chapter, but it won't go in.     没有用。我把这一章读了又读，但还是读不进去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The government has rescued the firm from bankruptcy by giving them a grant.     政府拨款给这家公司使其免于破产。
The rescuer called to the men to pay out more rope so that he could go further down the cliff.     营救者向人们喊，要他们把绳子再放长些，好使他能下到崖下。
He is busy with research work.     他专心于研究工作。
The psychologist always assign work to each researcher.     这位心理学家总是将工作分派给每个研究员。
Speculators are thick on the ground. They buy up land, sit on it for a month or two and resell for twice what they paid.     投机者多得很，他们买下土地，搁置一两个月后又以双倍的价格卖出去。
There is a degree of resemblance between the two boys.     这两个男孩有某些相似之处。
The situation closely resembles that of Europe in 1940.     这种形势与1940年的欧洲十分相似。
I resent having to get his permission for everything I do.     我讨厌做每件事都要得到他的许可。
I resent having to get his permission for everything I do.     我讨厌做每件事都要得到他的许可。
Resentful and rebellious, especially against authority.     不满的，造反的，尤反对政府当局
He has a deep-seated resentment at the way he has been treated.     他因受到如此对待而深怀怨恨。
Some members of the committee expressed reservations about the proposal.     委员会一些成员对这项提议持保留态度。
He still reserved his opinion on some points.     在一些问题上，他仍然保留自己的意见。
He still reserved his opinion on some points.     在一些问题上，他仍然保留自己的意见。
The show is a veritable reservoir of new talent.     这个演出真是新秀集萃。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It's amusing to watch members jockeying for the Prime Minister's attention prior to Cabinet reshuffle.     看到政府官员在内阁改组之前耍弄花招以讨得首相欢心是很有趣的。
Memory has been shown to reside in some metals.     已经证实，记忆存在于某些金属中。
He married an English woman and took up his residence in London.     他与一名英国女子结婚并且定居在伦敦。
example sentence not found
The residents of the town are proud of its new library.     该镇的居民都为镇上新建的图书馆感到自豪。
Gradually the surrounding farmland turned residential.     周围的农田渐渐变成了住宅区。
The debate over the residual powers of the States has been long drawn out.     有关美国剩余的权力的争论已是旷日持久的了。
The residue of estate belongs to his son.     剩余财产属于他的儿子。
He decided to resign his claim to the copyright.     他决定放弃对版权的要求。
We haven't yet received his resignation.     我们尚未收到他的辞呈。
She resigned her children to the care of a neighbor.     她委托邻居照顾她的孩子。
Her natural resilience helped her overcome the crisis.     她生性乐观有助於她渡过难关。
Our carpet is hand- made of pure chinese wool. They are resilient and have fine workmanship.     我们的地毯是用中国纯羊毛手工织成的。它们富有弹性且做工精细。
The basin is made of synthetic resin.     这个盆是用合成树脂做的。
I can never resist an ice cream.     我一见到冰淇淋就忍不住想吃。
The aircraft is streamlined to cut down wind resistance.     飞机设计成流线型以减少风的阻力。
This new type of infection is resistant to antibiotics.     这种新的传染病对抗菌素有抗药性。
We should be true in word and resolute in deed.     我们应该言必信，行必果。
Provided they fight resolutely, the enemy can never break in.     只要他们坚决地打，敌人就打不进来。
She always makes good resolutions but never carries them out.     她总是决心很大，却从不见付诸行动。
He resolved that nothing should hold him back.     他下决心不让任何事情阻挡他。
She resolved that she would never see him again/ never to see him again.     她决心不再见他.
example sentence not found
Resonance would occur again, but not so strong as before.     共振会再次发生，但不如先前那么强。
A loud, resonant, metallic sound.     铿锵声大而洪亮的金属般的声音
example sentence not found
If other means fail we shall resort to force.     如果其他手段均告失败，我们将诉之武力。
His fame resounded all over the world.     他名扬全球。
A forceful, resounding blow.     重击有力而声音响亮的重击
The job called for all my resources of energy and patience.     这项工作需要我拿出自己的全部精力和耐性。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
People should read the related regulations before they exploit natural resources.     在开发自然资源前，人们应该先了解相关的规定。
If they had any respect for human life they wouldn't do such terrible things.     他们如果还顾及人的生命就不会做出这样可怕的事来。
Lacking respectability, as in character, behavior, or appearance.     邋遢的，不名誉的不体面的，名声不好的，如在品质、行为或外貌上
It's not respectable to be drunk on the street.     在大街上醉倒是不体面的。
example sentence not found
Death is no respecter of persons.     死亡是不分贫富贵贱的。
I hope you would be more respectful to your father.     我希望你对父亲有礼貌些。
example sentence not found
As he is a parson, he has to respect the cloth.     由于他是牧师，言行须顾虑到自己的身份。
The three men were given work according to their respective abilities.     这三个人根据各自的能力被分配了工作。
My husband and I got pay rises of 8% and 10% respectively.     我丈夫和我分别加薪8%和10%。
Respiration becomes difficult at great heights.     在很高的地方呼吸就变得困难了。
A device, such as a respirator or an inhaler, by which a gas, vapor, or air is drawn in.     吸入器用来吸入气体，蒸汽或空气的仪器，如呼吸器或吸气器
The lungs are respiratory organs.     肺是呼吸器官。
example sentence not found
The noise went on all night without a moment's respite.     噪音一刻不停地持续了一整夜。
example sentence not found
We are enjoying the resplendent colors of the New England woods in the autumn.     我们欣赏着秋天里新英格兰树林的瑰丽色彩。
He failed to respond to the medicine.     他服了这药未见起色。
Formal reply to an allegation make in court, especially defence make by a respondent to a divorce petition     答辩状，对在法庭所作断言的答复，尤指被告对离婚起诉的抗辩。
His idea received an enthusiastic response.     他的想法获得热烈的响应。
It's my responsibility to lock the doors.     我负责锁门。
Who's responsible for the terrible mess?     谁应该对这种混乱负责？
I'll trust you to behave responsibly while I'm out.     我相信你在我外出期间会认真办事的。
Highly aware of and responsive to what is fashionable and up-to-date.     赶时髦的，新潮的对于流行的和时新的东西很敏感的并且积极响应的
Sunday is my rest day.     星期日是我休息的日子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I had my breakfast in the small restaurant.     我在一家小饭馆里吃了早饭。
example sentence not found
A room painted in restful colors.     房间漆有宁静的颜色
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Another hour passed and the crowd grew/became restive.     又过了一个小时, 人们有些不耐烦了.
The boy was restless from hunger.     男孩因饥饿而变得焦躁不安。
The lion paced the floor of his cage restlessly.     狮子烦躁地在兽笼里走来走去。
example sentence not found
The army's task was the restoration of public order.     军队的任务是要去恢复公共秩序。
An invigorating, refreshing, or restorative agent or influence.     增强物增加活力、精神或帮助恢复的物品或影响
The stolen property must be restored to its owner.     赃物必须物归原主。
I couldn't restrain my anger.     我无法抑制我的愤怒。
Formal, refined, and restrained in style.     拘谨的，精炼的风格正式、精致和克制的
His rage was beyond restraint.     他怒不可遏。
You are restricted to eight liters of duty-free wine.     携带的免税酒不得超过八升。
Membership in this club is restricted to man under 30.     俱乐部的成员限定在三十岁以下。
The city passed an ordinance restricting the size of advertising signs, but grandfathered all those signs erected before1982.     该市通过了一项限制广告牌规格的法令，但那些在1982年以前竖起来的招牌免受限制
There are currency restrictions on the sums allowed for foreign travel.     到国外旅行允许携带的款额有所限制。
A forceful emergence from a restrictive condition or situation.     爆发从受限制的条件或情形下突然涌现
I can hear him in the restroom, heaving his heart up.     我听得见他在洗手间吐得很厉害。
The challenge for educators is to restructure the curriculum to make maximum use of the new technologies so that students can learn better and prepare themselves for the information-rich world they now confront.     对教育工作者提出的要求，就是要调整学校的课程来最大限度地使用新的技术，以便学生能够学得更好，并为他们现在所面临的信息丰富的世界而早作准备。
The accident resulted in the death of two passengers.     这起事故导致两名乘客丧生。
example sentence not found
Production manager: Initiated quality control resulting in a reduction in working hours by20% while increasing productivity by25%.     生产部经理：引入质量控制，使工作时数减少了20％，而生产力则提高了25％。
Please send a detailed resume to our company.     请给我们公司寄一份详细的简历。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
That noise is enough to resurrect the dead!     那噪音都能把死人吵活!
He had a resurrection of hope.     他的希望复苏了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Who is responsible for retailing these rumors about him?     是谁散布这些有关他的流言蜚语的？
The retailer has to absorb the cost of wastage.     零售商须承受耗损的费用.
I will retain my right.     我将保留我的权力。
An attendant; a retainer.     随从，侍从；家臣
example sentence not found
If we impose import duties, other countries may retaliate against us.     我们若徵收进口税, 别的国家就可能报复我们.
example sentence not found
A feud between two families or clans that arises out of a slaying and is perpetuated by retaliatory acts of revenge; a blood feud.     族间血仇，血系间的复仇由杀戳引起的并通过以牙还牙的报复行为而持续不断的两个家族或宗族之间的世仇；血仇
Lack of sun retards plant growth.     光照不足则植物生长缓慢.
A person of profound mental retardation having a mental age below three years and generally being unable to learn connected speech or guard against common dangers. The term belongs to a classification system no longer in use and is now considered offensive.     低智商者指智力水平在三岁小孩以下，听不懂连贯话语，也不会提防普通危险的智力有严重障碍的人。这个词现在已不用来区别人的类型，现在被认为有对人不友好的意思
Lack of sun retards plant growth.     光照不足则植物生长缓慢.
The teacher asked the students to retell the story they just read.     老师要求学生们复述他们刚读的故事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He seems unduly reticent on the subject of his past.     他似乎对他过去的事情讳莫如深。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She is a retinue of doctor.     她是医生的助手。
Our armies have retired to regroup for a fresh attack.     我们的部队已经退下来重新整编，以便发动新的进攻。
The retired film star sequestered herself from the world.     这位退休的影星过着隐居的生活。
There have been several retirements in my office lately.     最近我那办公室里有几个人退休了。
Joanna had a gentle retiring disposition.     乔安娜性格温柔而腼腆。
example sentence not found
He retorted that it was my fault as much as his.     他反驳说我的错误并不比他的小。
Retouch is made to the goods the cases of which get wet by the tidal water.     被潮水浸湿的箱子中的货物正在进行整修。
He often retraces the happy time during his young age.     他经常回忆起年轻时代的幸福时光。
The undercarriage on light aircraft does not always retract in flight.     轻型飞机飞行时起落架不一定缩回.
example sentence not found
The undercarriage on light aircraft does not always retract in flight.     轻型飞机飞行时起落架不一定缩回.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The soldiers had to retreat when they were beaten in battle.     士兵们在战斗中受挫，不得不撤退。
Inflation has forced us to retrench.     因通货膨胀我们不得不紧缩开支.
The president promised swift and effective retribution against the terrorists.     总统答应会迅速有效地惩罚恐怖分子。
example sentence not found
A word, symbol, or number used as a descriptor for retrieval of information from a collection, especially in a coordinate indexing system.     用作描述符的一种字、符号或数，用于从某一集合中，特别是从某一配位标引系统中检索信息
The company is fighting to retrieve its market share.     这个公司正在为恢复其市场份额（占有率）而奋斗。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
One's school life seems happier in retrospect than in reality.     人们的学校生活回想起来要比实际上的快乐。
The legislation was made retrospective.     该项法规具有追溯效力。
There are calls for the case to be retried.     该案有必要重审.
Don't forget to return my keys.     别忘了还我钥匙。
example sentence not found
Angrily the men returned the minutes later to tell their mates,We had no impact. These men have skins like a rhinoceros.     10分钟后，这些人气呼呼地回来对同伙说：“毫无作用，这些人脸皮真厚。”
example sentence not found
On his return he report his findings to the committee.     他一回来就向委员会报告调查结果。
example sentence not found
We hold an annual reunion of former students of the college.     我们每年举行一次大学校友联欢会。
Parents were reunited with their lost children.     父母与失散的孩子们团圆了。
Imagine the joyful scene when they were reunited with their lost daughter.     他们与失散的女儿团聚，快乐的情景是可想而知的。
A reusable electric lamp that produces a bright continuous light for photographic illumination.     摄影用超压强烈溢光灯，照相泛光灯用于摄影照明的、可产生持续明亮光线的可再次使用的电灯
example sentence not found
Don't rev the engine so hard.     别让发动机转得太快.
example sentence not found
I promise never to reveal his secret.     我答应决不泄漏他的秘密。
By firing a few shots we can surprise them into revealing their positions.     我们冷不防打几枪就能让他们暴露他们的位置。
Christmas revels with feasting and dancing were common in England.     圣诞节盛宴歌舞的狂欢在英国是很常见的。
The revelation of his scandalous past led to his resignation.     他那不光彩历史的揭露导致了他的辞职。
The revelries went on all the night.     狂欢活动通宵达旦。
I did not do it out of revenge.     我做那件事并不是出于报复。
The government's revenue is made up chiefly of the money we pay in taxes.     政府的收入主要来源是靠我们所交的税。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The roar of the train reverberated in the tunnel.     火车的轰隆声在隧道里回荡.
People came to the memorial to revere the memory of the great leader.     人们来到纪念馆崇敬地纪念这位伟大的领袖。
These students have reverence for their teacher.     这些学生很尊敬他们的老师。
A reverend gentleman is here to see you, sir!     这里有位教士要见你，先生。
They all maintained a reverent silence.     他们都保持肃静。
example sentence not found
He is indulging in reveries about the future.     他正沉浸于对未来的幻想之中。
A sharp reversal of direction, as of a ball carrier in football.     急转向相反方向急转，如橄榄球比赛中的持球球员的反切动作
These financial reverses will prevent my taking a holiday.     这些经济上的挫折使我不能去度假了。
example sentence not found
A reversion to a former type or ancestral characteristic.     返祖恢复到从前的类型或祖先的特征
The fields have reverted to moorland.     那片田地又变成了荒地。
All prices are subject to review.     一切商品的价格都有可能调整。
Perhaps it is not for this reviewer to talk, since he produced a book on Johnson himself, but as the girl said, it was only a little one a wicked publisher seduced me, and I have promised never, never to do it again.     也许不该由这位评论家来说，因为他本人也出版了一本关于约翰逊的书，但是正如那位少女所说的，那并不是什么大不了的事，是一个缺德的出版商诱惑我，而且我答应永远、永远再不做这种事了。
Their much reviled system in fact works far better than many highly praised ones elsewhere.     他们那套遭到许多非难的设备操纵起来实际上要比别的地方许多备受赞扬的设备好得多。
He revised the manuscript of his book before sending it to the publisher.     他对自己那本书的手稿先进行校订，然后才把它交给出版社。
Our budget needs drastic revision.     我们的预算需作重大修改。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I think we have to revitalize our society.     我觉得我们的社会需要新生。
Our economy is undergoing a revival.     我们的经济正处于复苏阶段。
The flowers will revive in water.     这些花在水中会再活。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The unreasonable rules were revoked.     不合理的规则被废除了。
Human nature revolts at such a crime.     人性厌恶这样的罪行。
His feet smelt revolting.     他双脚散发的气味让人恶心.
example sentence not found
Most countries have had revolutions aganist the government.     大多数国家发生过反对政府的革命。
He suffered for his revolutionary principles.     他为了自己的革命原则而蒙受苦难。
Computers have revolutionizedbanking.     计算机的运用彻底改变了银行业务运作.
The moon revolves around the earth.     月球绕地球运行。
He killed the man with a revolver.     他用左轮手枪把那个人杀死了。
The revolving sign was spinning round and round in the wind.     旋转的标志牌在风中打著旋儿.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They rewarded the winners with gifts of fruits and flowers.     他们奖给优胜者一些水果和鲜花。
Gardening is a very rewarding pastime.     园艺劳动是非常有益的消遣。
Depress this button to rewind the tape.     按下这个按钮倒带。
example sentence not found
I rewrote the article because it do not according with our policy.     由于该文与我们的政策不符，我重新写了一遍。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The guests went into rhapsodies over the food.     宾客对食物交口称赞.
The sentence contains impassioned rhetoric.     这个句子含有富有表现力的修辞。
An abrupt change within a sentence to a second construction inconsistent with the first, sometimes used for rhetorical effect; for example, I warned him that if he continues to drink, what will become of him?     改变说法；错格句子中与第一个语法结构不一致的突然出现的第二个结构，有时用于修辞效果；例如，我警告过他，如果他继续喝酒的话将会有什么下场呢？
example sentence not found
The patient is suffering from the rheumatism.     这个病人受到风湿病的折磨。
example sentence not found
A region and former duchy of central Germany north and east of the Main and Rhine rivers. The region became a duchy in1806 and was absorbed by Prussia in1866. Members of the original dynasty subsequently ruled Luxembourg and the Netherlands(as the house of Orange).     拿骚一个地区，从前为中德的领地，位于美因河和莱茵河的北部和东部。该地区在1806年成为领地并于1866年被普鲁士接收。原先的王朝成员相继统治了卢森堡和荷兰（作为奥兰治的王室）
A small, glittering ornament, such as a rhinestone or a sequin, applied to fabric or a garment.     亮片一种用于织物或服装上的闪闪发光的小饰物，比如像水晶或金属闪光片
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The rhinoceros has one horn on its nose.     犀牛鼻子上有一个角。
A town of southeast Massachusetts near the Rhode Island border southwest of Boston. It was settled in1660. Population, 22,095.     富兰克林美国曼彻斯特东南部一城镇，邻罗得岛边缘，位于波士顿西南部。1666年在此建立了殖民地。人口22，095
Won't you grow any fruit?  No. only rhubarb, God's gift to Scotland and lazy gardeners.     你们这里种水果吗？不种，只种大黄，这是上帝对对苏格兰人和懒人的恩宠。
The last two lines of this poem don't rhyme properly.     这首诗的最后两行没有押好韵。
He is trying to play the same tune in a different rhythm.     他正试图用不同节奏演奏同一个曲子。
A foot of verse used in lyric poetry having two unstressed syllables flanked by the two rhythmic stresses marking the first and last syllables of the foot.     扬抑抑扬格一种应用于抒情诗诗体中的音步，由两个轻音节夹在两个有节奏的重音之间构成，用于表示该音步的第一个和最后一个音节
A monotonous rhythmical drumbeat or similar sound.     单调鼓声一种单调的有节奏的敲鼓声或类似的声音
How many ribs does a man have?     一个人有几条肋骨？
The chairman had to call the meeting to order after the ribald comments of one of the members caused uproar among the others.     会议成员之一说的下流话在其他成员中引起了一阵骚动，主席只得叫大家遵守会议秩序。
A soft, ribbed cloth of wool or a wool blend, usually used for dresses.     罗纹织物一种羊毛的或羊毛混纺的柔软的、有罗纹的织物，一般用来制作女装
Her hair was tied back with a black ribbon.     她的头发用黑缎带扎在后面。
He had some rice for supper.     晚饭时他吃了一些米饭。
He is a rich man.     他是一个富有的人。
Who's the girl standing behind Richard?     站在理查德後面的那个姑娘是谁?
All his riches are of no good to him if he is so ill.     如果他身体这么糟，那么他的所有财富对他毫无用处。
He richly deserved the punishment he received.     他受到的处罚是罪有应得。
example sentence not found
Thrift is the basement of richness.     节约是富裕的基础。
Rick often watched the boats returning to port in the late afternoon.     瑞克常常看到小船在傍晚正回到港口。
example sentence not found
An old, rickety vehicle, especially a decrepit automobile or aircraft.     破旧汽车，破旧飞机一种用久而破烂的交通工具，尤指破坏了的汽车或飞机
example sentence not found
We will be glad to get rid of him.     摆脱他，我们将很高兴。
Having ridden for some time, he put the horse about and headed for home.     他骑了一段时间以后，掉转马头回家去了。
The door was riddled with shots.     门被子弹打得尽是窟窿。
Can you ride a bicycle?     你会骑自行车吗？
She is no rider.     她不会骑马。
His forehead was ridged with anxiety.     他的前额因焦虑而布满了皱纹。
To choose such a line of work is to invite ridicule.     选择从事这个行业会惹人嘲笑。
What a ridiculous suggestion!     多么荒唐的建议！
example sentence not found
Riding is her favorite occupation.     骑马是她最喜欢的消遣。
Fraud, violence, war at home and abroad were rife.     欺诈、暴力、对内对外的战争四处猖獗。
He was appointed captain of a company of rifles.     他被任命为步枪连连长。
Healed the rift between us.     弥补我们之间的裂痕
He looked rather out of place when he turned up in full ceremonial rig.     当他穿着全套大礼服露面的时候，显得和整个场合很不协调。
I have the right to ask for an explanation.     我有权要求一个解释。
example sentence not found
Did you get dressed right away?     你马上就穿衣服了吗？
All that talk about abattoirs turned me right off!     关於屠宰场的那些话让我十分恶心!
He is a righteous young man.     他是一个正直的年轻人。
We admire him for his righteousness.     我们钦佩他的正直。
What he said is a rightful claim.     他所说的是正当的要求。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
And if this something else is rightly chosen, if it is really attended by the illumination of another field of interest.     假如你正确地选取了其他念头，假如这个念头的确受到别的领域的情趣的启迪。
example sentence not found
People have the rights of assembly and expression.     人们有集会和发表言论的权利。
She was rigid with fear.     她害怕得全身僵住了。
example sentence not found
He maintains a rigidly right-wing political stance.     他坚持僵硬的右派政治立场.
I've never heard such a rigmarole.     我从来没听过像这样的长篇废话.
He deserves to be punished with the full rigor of the law.     他应该受到法律最严厉的惩罚。
Now her teachers corps, called Teach for American is off and running. After a rigorous competition,500 recent college graduates won places out of a field of2, 500 applicants, proving Ms.Kopp's theory that making the corps selective would enhance its appeal to college students.     现在她的教师工作团――名为教师报国团――已迅速展开工作。经过一番激烈竞争之后，2500名申请人中，500名刚从大学毕业的被录取。证明了柯普女士的理论：工作团从严录取将可在大学生中增加号召力。
example sentence not found
It riles me that he won't agree.     他就是不同意, 真气人.
The water in this rill is very clean.     这条小溪里的水非常清澈。
She put a flower on the rim of the hat.     她在帽子边上放了一朵花。
The field was covered with rime in the early morning.     清晨地里覆盖着一层白霜。
Those apple rinds are green.     那些苹果的皮是绿的。
I wonder when mother will ring?     我不知道母亲什么时候会打电话来？
A high fence ringed the prison camp.     有一道高高的铁丝网围著战俘营
She's a dead ringer for a girl I used to know.     她酷似以前我认识的一个女孩。
Her hair hung down in ringlets.     她的头发呈许多小发卷下垂着。
example sentence not found
That rings a bell.     我总算想起来了。
The playing field in ice hockey; the rink.     溜冰场冰球的场地；冰球场
You may use hot water to rinse the congealed fat off the dinner plates.     你可以用热水把菜盘上凝结的油污冲洗掉。
Eleven hours out of Paris, the Air France plane let down into Rio de Janeiro.     法国航空公司的飞机在飞离巴黎11个小时之后，在里约热内卢减速下降。
The football supporters ran riot through the town after the defeat of their team.     足球队输球后球迷们在街上聚众闹事。
We spent a riotous night at Christmas.     圣诞节我们度过了一个狂欢之夜。
I ripped my stocking on a nail.     一个钉子挂破了我的袜子。
Fishing and other riparian rights belong to owners of riparian land.     捕鱼和其他河岸权属于该河两岸土地的所有者。
The time was ripe for a challenge to the power of the government.     时机已经成熟，可以向政府权力提出挑战了。
Time had ripened his life and mellowed its fruits.     时间使他的生命成熟，结出硕果。
example sentence not found
The wheat rippled in the breeze.     小麦在微风中起伏波动。
example sentence not found
I am reading a book about the rise and fall of the Roman Empire.     我正在看一本关于罗马帝国兴衰的书。
Many people got rich by hoarding up gold until the price had risen more than ten times.     许多人通过储存黄金待其涨价至10倍以上而发了财。
The entire proposal is risible: it will never be accepted.     这个建议完全是荒唐可笑的, 根本不可能采纳.
The mercury is rising.     温度正在上升。
Anyone swimming in this lake does so at his own risk.     任何人在此湖中冒险游泳，其后果自负。
He would not have succeeded in such a risky business if he had not been such a clever entrepreneur.     假若他不是那麽精明强干的企业家, 就不会在这样冒险的事业中取得成功.
example sentence not found
Did you go to their marriage rites?     你参加他们的婚礼了吗？
An ancient ritual in modern dress.     以现代风貌包装的古代仪式
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Ships can't rival aircraft for speed.     轮船在速度方面无法与飞机匹敌。
That country was paralysed by political rivalries.     那个国家由于政治对抗而陷于瘫痪。
example sentence not found
The Changjiang River is one of the longest rivers in the world.     长江是世界上最长的河流之一。
example sentence not found
Let's go for a picnic by the riverside.     我们到河边野餐去吧。
We stood riveted to the spot.     我们寸步不移的站在那儿。
Only by riveting her attention on her word could she forget her worries.     只有全身心投入到工作上她才能忘记烦恼。
example sentence not found
Any of a group of red dyes used as a biological stain, especially to detect the presence of RNA.     焦宁；二苯氧芑胶染料用作生物染色剂的一组红色染料中的任一种，尤指用来探测核糖核酸的存在
example sentence not found
All roads lead to Rome.     条条大道通罗马。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We ate our meal at a roadside pub.     我们是在路旁的一家小酒馆里吃的饭。
example sentence not found
A mound of earth or stone built to hold back water or to support a roadway.     堤用以阻挡水或支持公路而建造的土堆或石堆
He settled down after years of roaming.     漂泊数年后，他定居了下来。
He settled down after years of roaming.     漂泊数年后，他定居了下来。
Jump in, there is roan for one more person in the car.     快进来，汽车里还可以坐1个人。
He roared with pain.     他疼得大叫起来。
The place was a blazing, raging, roaring, etc inferno.     那地方是一片熊熊的、 滚滚的、 咆哮的...火海.
Let's have a nice roast for Sunday dinner.     我们星期天晚上好好吃一顿烤肉吧。
The critics roasted her new play.     评论家狠狠挖苦她 的新剧.
They knocked him down and robbed him of his briefcase.     他们把他打倒在地，抢走了他的公文包。
The robbers escaped before the police arrived.     强盗们在警察到来之前逃走了。
He had committed several robberies in the neighborhood.     他已在附近犯下了好几起抢劫案。
You should put a robe on if you go out in a cold day.     冷天出门时要披上披肩。
The film co-starred Robert Redford (and Paul Newman).     这部影片由罗伯特・雷德福（和保罗・纽曼）联合主演.
The Roberts were at table when I called.     我造访时，罗伯特一家正在吃饭。
If you wish to catch that robin, try putting a pinch of salt on its tail.     你要是想抓住那只知更鸟，设法撒一点盐在鸟尾巴上，这样就能逮住它。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Japanese industry is making increasing use of robots.     日本工业越来越多地使用机器人。
example sentence not found
Being in robust and sturdy good health.     强壮的，健康的强壮的和身体健康的
The ship struck on a rock and sank.     船触礁沉没。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
You must be off your rocker!     你简直疯了!
The price of oil has suddenly rocketed up.     石油价格突然飞涨。
The teenagers were rocking about.     那群少年正合着摇摆音乐的节拍跳舞。
He rocked back and forth in his rocking chair.     他坐在摇椅里前后摇晃着。
The marriage got off to a rocky start.     那婚姻一开始就不稳固。
North American Indians, formerly living east of the Rocky Mountains     从前居住在落基山脉以东的三个北美印第安人部落的成员。
example sentence not found
The concrete walls are reinforced with steel rods.     混凝土墙是用钢筋加固的。
He rode off at a gallop.     他骑马疾驰而去。
The local council are advertising for a Rodent Operator, which in common parlance means a rat catcher.     该地方议政会登广告征聘一个啮齿动物的手术施行者，按一般说法就是要找一个耗子捕捉者。
example sentence not found
We will serve smoked cod's roe at the dinner.     宴会上我们将上一道熏鳕鱼子。
We've been out of touch with Roger for years now.     我们至今已有数年未与罗杰来往了.
The little rogue had his grandpa's glasses on.     小淘气戴上了他祖父的眼镜。
He gave her a roguish look.     他调皮地看了她一眼.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The role of the railways declined in the transport system.     在运输系统中，铁路的重要性逐渐下降。
The dog rolled on the floor.     狗在地板上打滚。
May I borrow your roller skates?     我可以借你的滚轴溜冰鞋吗？
example sentence not found
She roller-skated across rather unsteadily.     她穿著旱冰鞋晃晃悠悠地滑了过去.
example sentence not found
The rolling hills fall gently toward the coast.     起伏的山丘逐渐向海岸缓降
example sentence not found
Here is a book about Roman history.     这是一本关于古罗马历史的书。
French and Portuguese are Romance languages.     法语和葡萄牙语都是罗曼语。
example sentence not found
The old abbey ruins look very romantic in the moonlight.     古修道院的废墟在月光下显得颇有浪漫气息。
British poet considered a precursor of romanticism. His best-known work, The Task(1785), praises rural life and leisure.     科伯，威廉1731－1800英国诗人，被认为是浪漫主义的先锋。他的最杰出的作品任务赞美了农村生活和休闲
He first met his wife in Rome.     他最初是在罗马碰到他的妻子的。
The liberal candidate romped through with thousands of votes to spare.     自由党候选人轻易获胜，超出选票数以千计。
It's time you stopped wrapping Ronald in cotton wool and let him play with other children.     你该结束对罗纳德的溺爱了，让他去和其他孩子玩吧。
example sentence not found
She and I can't live under the same roof.     她和我不能住在一起。
They rooked him of 100.     他们在纸牌戏中骗走他100英镑.
example sentence not found
I want a double room with a view.     我要一间能看到风景的双人房间。
I have seven roommates in my university.     上大学时，我有七个室友。
Providing ample range; roomy.     宽敞的提供巨大范围的；空间大的
Curse, like chicken, come home to roost.     诅咒像鸡雏，必回栖息木。
Don't talk with him; he is a rooster.     别理他，他太狂妄自负了。
Do you think the new rosebush has taken root?     你看新栽的玫瑰长根了吗？
example sentence not found
He roped his horse on a nearby tree.     他把马拴到附近的一棵树上。
I found him pruning his roses.     我看到他正在给玫瑰修剪枝条。
example sentence not found
These rosebuds haven't fully opened.     这些蔷薇花蕾还没有完全开放。
Do you think the new rosebush has taken root?     你看新栽的玫瑰长根了吗？
An ornament, such as a decorative knot, resembling a rose in form; a rosette.     玫瑰花饰一种形似玫瑰花的装饰品，如装饰结；玫瑰花结
The coach scratched three names from the players' roster.     教练从选手名单上勾掉了3个名字。
It grasps its victim in its forelegs and pierce it with its rostrum.     它用前腿抓住牺牲品，把喙刺入对方身体。
The girl's rosy cheeks made her look very lovely.     那女孩玫瑰色的脸颊使她显得非常可爱。
Too much television rots your brain.     多看电视会使你的头脑退化。
The gardener asked me for a rotary lawn mower.     园丁向我要一台旋转式割草机。
The post of chairman rotates among members of the committee.     主席一职由委员会的成员轮流担任。
An instrument for recording variations in pressure, as of the blood, or in tension, as of a muscle, by means of a pen or stylus that marks a rotating drum.     压力记录器，记波器一种记录压力（如血压）或张力（如肌肉张力）变化的仪器，它通过一支笔或记录针的方式描出旋转的轨迹
The rotation of crops keeps the soil healthy and fertile.     谷物轮种使土壤保持了肥力和高质。
example sentence not found
He used to learn everything by rote.     他过去总是死记硬背。
The wood was so rotten that you could put your finger through it.     这木料腐烂透了，你可以用手指戳穿它。
example sentence not found
Rotterdam is a major port.     鹿特丹是个重要的港口城市.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The girl put some rouge on her cheeks.     女孩在两颊上擦了点胭脂。
The rough road made the car vibrate.     崎岖不平的道路使车颠簸得很厉害。
The speaker was roughly handled by the mob.     演说者受到暴民的粗暴对待。
Cut the bread into small rounds and give me two.     把面包切成小片，然后给我两片。
We drove home by a roundabout route.     我们绕远道驾车回家。
A charge of 1.90 will be rounded up to 2, and one of 3.10 rounded down to 3.     把 1.90 英镑的费用上调为整数 2 英镑, 把 3.10 英镑下调为整数 3 英镑.
A rounding up and driving of cattle to new pastures or to market.     驱赶牛群圈集并驱赶牛群到新的牧场或市场
Ask your roundsman for extra milk over Christmas.     请贵店送货员在圣诞节多送些牛奶来.
example sentence not found
The dog roused a deer from the bushes.     狗惊起了丛林中的一只鹿。
They routed the enemy.     他们打败并赶走了敌人。
We drove home by a roundabout route.     我们绕远道驾车回家。
example sentence not found
It was a rather routine performance.     那是很一般的演出。
example sentence not found
A line or list formed by items in a system waiting for service; for example, tasks to be performed or messages to be transmitted in a message routing system.     由系统中等待服务的项目构成的行或列表，例如等待执行的任务或在报文路由选择系统中等待发送的报文。
He rove about his student.     他扫了他的学生一眼。
The rover finally returned home.     这个流浪者终于回家了。
Students stand hand in hand in a row.     学生们手牵手站成一排。
They were chucked out of the pub for being too rowdy.     他们因为太吵闹被撵出酒馆.
A man who rows, especially an expert in rowing; a rower.     桨手划桨者，尤指划桨能手；桨手
In dragon boat rowing each person has one oar.     划龙舟时每个人都拿着一枝桨。
The papers are full of stories about the royals.     报纸上尽是些关于王室成员趣闻逸事的报道。
example sentence not found
The writer gets a 10% royalty on each copy sold of his book.     作者从每本卖出的书中可得10%的版税。
I rubbed the window with a cloth.     我用一块布擦窗子。
My classmate borrowed my rubber and forgot to return it.     我的同学借了我的橡皮忘了还。
She used a rubber band to tie her hair.     她用一根橡皮筋扎头发。
A mild, white Italian cheese that has a rubbery texture and is often eaten melted, as on pizza.     白干酪一种味淡的、白色的并有弹性的意大利奶酪，通常融化放在比萨饼上吃
The dustman comes once a week to collect the rubbish.     垃圾工每周来收一次垃圾。
Rubble covered the pavement.     人行道上铺了碎石块.
example sentence not found
Her ruby necklace brightened her face.     红宝石项链照亮了她的脸庞。
Thesheets on my bed have rucked up.     我床上的床单有褶子了.
She shouldered her rucksack and set off along the road.     她背起帆布背包就上路了.
The wood rudder of the ship was broken.     船的木头舵坏了。
He looked at the children's ruddy cheeks and smiled.     他看着孩子们红润的脸颊，笑了。
Don't be so rude to your parents!     别对你的父母这么没礼貌！
The new student started off on the wrong foot with the teacher by answering back rudely.     那个新来的学生粗鲁地跟老师顶嘴, 一开始就把关系搞僵了.
His rudeness provoked me to strike him.     他的粗鲁惹得我揍了他。
I have mastered the rudiments of economics.     我已精通经济学的基本原理。
I have only a rudimentary grasp of physics.     我对物理学仅有初步的了解。
I have mastered the rudiments of economics.     我已精通经济学的基本原理。
He'll rue the day he married her.     他将会因为和她结婚而抱恨终身。
He thought of her with a rueful smile.     他苦笑着回想她。
A hired ruffian; a thug.     打手一个被雇的恶棍；暴徒
The bird ruffled up its feathers.     鸟儿惊恐地竖起了羽毛。
He is vacuuming a rug in the sitting room.     他在起居室里用吸尘器打扫地毯。
I moved away from the North not long after, so most of my Rugby League since then has been viewed on the small screen.     不久我便搬离了北方，自那以后，我的橄榄球竞赛联合会的多数成员都已在电视上亮相了。
I don't like his rugged manner.     我不喜欢他粗鲁的态度。
The castle now lies in ruins.     那城堡现在已成了一片废墟了。
This ruined bridge is a relic of the Civil War.     这座毁坏的桥是南北战争时的遗迹。
The prices in that restaurant are absolutely ruinous.     那家餐馆的价格贵得能把人坑死。
It's against the rule to pick up the ball.     捡球是犯规的。
As a rule of thumb, you should cook a chicken for 20 minutes for each pound that it weighs.     凭经验估计, 每磅鸡肉应烹调20分钟.
He reminded me not to forget to bring my ruler.     他提醒我别忘了带尺子。
The judge's ruling is final.     法官的判决是不可改变的.
Rum is an alcoholic drink distilled from sugar-cane juice.     郎姆酒是用甘蔗汁蒸馏制成的。
The heavy cart rumbled down the street.     笨重的马车辘辘地在街上走过。
Leather made from the hide of the African and Asian ruminant.     羚皮革非洲、亚洲的羚羊皮做的皮革
He is ruminating on recent events.     他正在思考最近发生的事。
example sentence not found
He is rumored to have escaped to Dublin.     据说他已逃往都柏林。
There isn't an atom of truth in the rumour.     谣言中没有丝毫的真实性.
After the election the party was reduced to a rump.     选举之后，该党的党员所剩无几了。
example sentence not found
I was still there when I heard the rumpus. I came out into the hall and ran hell for leather to see what was the matter.     当我听到那吵嚷声时，我还在那里，我立刻从房里来到过道里，飞快地跑出去看看是怎么回事。
The little boy ran off to get his brother.     这个小男孩跑去找他的哥哥。
The runaway of the traffic accident is wanted by the police.     警方正在通缉交通事故的逃逸者。
He will flatter a person to his face, and then rundown behind his back.     他会当面吹捧一个人，背后又说他坏话。
The director made his son start on the bottom rung of the ladder as an office boy.     董事让他的儿子从最低级的职员做起。
There are eight runners in the final race.     最后的赛程中有八匹马参加。
example sentence not found
Mike is rather timid with women, so Sue has to make all the running in their relationship.     迈克在女子面前很　腆，所以苏珊只好对迈克主动一些。
The attendant smoothed away the slight irregularities in the running track.     跑道上稍稍有些不平，勤务人员把它弄平整了。
You've got a runny nose!     你流鼻涕了!
example sentence not found
I repeat: the runway is not clear for take-off.     我再说一遍: 跑道尚未畅通, 不能起飞.
example sentence not found
He ruptured himself lifting a bookcase.     他抬书柜时出现了疝.
The rural scenery was so beautiful that he decided to stay one more week.     乡村风光太美了，以致于他决定再多呆一星期。
A ruse; a trick.     诈术；诡计
He did not like us to rush him.     他不喜欢我们催他。
I don't like to go out during the rush hour.     我不愿意在交通高峰时间出去。
Russia used to be a very powerful country.     俄国曾是一个非常强大的国家。
This carpet is of Russian style.     这块地毯是俄国风格的。
How can I remove the rust from the iron door?     我怎样才能把铁门上的锈除掉呢？
His rage was soon calmed down by the rustic peace.     乡村的宁静很快就使他的怒气平静下来。
example sentence not found
Her silk dress rustled as she moved.     她走起路来丝绸衣裙沙沙作响。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My oral English is pretty rusty.     我的英语口语全荒废了。
The lane was rutted with tyre tracks.     这小巷有车胎轧出的凹痕.
Ruth likes to show people up in public.     露丝喜欢使别人当众出丑。
He shows ruthless disregard for other people's feelings.     他对别人的感情漠不关心。
The poor man has only one rye bread to eat.     这个可怜的人只有一只黑面包吃。
A Christian should not break the Sabbath.     基督徒应守安息日。
example sentence not found
I use a heavy saber in fencing.     我在击剑时用的是把重剑。
She wore her sable stole.     她戴着带有貂皮的披肩
The branch of an intelligence service charged with keeping sensitive information from an enemy, deceiving that enemy, preventing subversion and sabotage, and collecting political and military information.     反情报组织情报组织的一个分支，任务是使敌人得不到高级机密，欺骗敌人，避免颠覆和阴谋破坏并收集政治和军事情况
I use a heavy sabre in fencing.     我在击剑时用的是把重剑。
An organic sac or pouch, such as the udder of a cow.     （牛的）乳房有机体器官的液囊或袋，如牛的乳房
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
If you are late again the boss will give you the sack.     如果你再迟到，老板就会把你解雇。
I'm ready to sack out.     我准备上床睡觉了
She received the sacrament.     她领了圣餐。
Nothing is sacred to these wild youths.     这些狂野的年轻人什么都不尊重。
It's the company's policy to sacrifice short-term profits for the sake of long-term growth.     为长期发展而牺牲短期利润是公司的方针。
It is (a) sacrilege to steal a crucifix from an altar.     从圣坛窃取耶稣受难像是亵渎神灵的行为.
example sentence not found
You can't cut spending on defence that's sacrosanct!     国防开支可削减不得--那可是关天关地的事!
It made me sad to hear you have to go away.     听到你非走不可，我觉得很伤心。
The bad news saddened us.     那个坏消息使我们很难过。
Granting our wish is one of Fate's saddest jokes.     成全我们的愿望，是为命运之神的最可悲的玩笑。
He saddled up his horse and rode away.     他给马装上鞍子便骑马离去了。
Claude was probably a humbug, whose vanity, ambition, and intelligence led him to carve out a niche as the wickedest man in the world; there is always room for a sadist at the top.     克劳德或许不过是个骗子，他的虚荣、野心和才智使他在世上恶人中争得魁首之名：有残忍癖，总能爬上顶端。
The guards were sadistic beasts and their leader was the devil incarnate.     那些警卫都是残暴的野兽, 他们的首领是个魔鬼的化身.
The old man smiled sadly when he remembered the follies of his youth.     这老人想起年轻时的荒唐事，不禁苦笑。
When their grandfather died a great sadness filled their lives.     当他们的祖父去世时，巨大的悲伤笼罩了他们的生活。
A team of African bearers came with us on safari.     有一队非洲脚夫和我们一起进行狩猎旅行.
The train is a safe means of transportation.     火车是一种安全的交通工具。
We will introduce legal safeguards against fraud.     我们要采取法律保护措施，制止诈骗活动。
example sentence not found
My trusty old car will get us home safely.     我那辆可靠的旧车会把我们安全地送回家的。
It's very important to teach the children about road safety.     把交通安全常识教给孩子们是非常重要的。
She refused to sit in the car till her husband promised to wear his safety belt.     她拒绝上车, 除非她丈夫答应系好安全带。
Saffron is very bright yellow.     金黄色是很亮的黄色。
The villagers shored up sagging huts.     村民们撑起摇摇欲坠的茅棚。
This new novel is an absorbing family saga.     这部新小说是一部引人入胜的家世小说。
The leader made a sagacious decision.     领导做了英明的决定。
Sagacity, unlike cleverness, may increase with age.     睿智与机灵不同，前者可随着年龄增加。
What a sage reply you gave!     多聪明的回答啊！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We listened to their tales about life in the Sahara Desert.     我们听他们讲述撒哈拉沙漠的生活经历。
Easier said than done.     说来容易做来难.(谚语)
Can you sail a boat?     你会驾驶船只吗？
The sailboat canted over in the storm.     帆船在暴风雨中倾覆了。
example sentence not found
The soldier are sailing for old Blighty tomorrow.     士兵明日将启航返英国本土。
The sailors are asked to take their positions by their captain.     船长要求水手们各就各位。
Joan of Arc was made a saint in 1920.     1920年，贞德被追封为圣女。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is going to live by the coast for the sake of his health.     他为了自己的健康，打算到海滨地区去居住。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Would you like some fruit salad?     要水果色拉吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The company had250 salaried staffs.     公司有250名拿工资的职员。
It's bad manners to ask other's salary if you are not very familiar.     如果你们不是很熟的话，问别人薪水多少是很不礼貌的。
The law forbids the sale of alcohol to people under 18.     法律禁止向18岁以下的人出售含有酒精的饮料。
Sports wears, no less than suits, are very much saleable.     运动服和西服套一样，非常畅销。
You're responsible to whoever is in charge of sales.     你要向主管销售的人负责.
example sentence not found
The salesgirl asked me if I had the exact sum, since the shop had no change.     女售货员问我有没有正好的钱，因为商店没有零钱。
example sentence not found
The salesman tried to persuade her to buy his goods.     那个推销员试图说服她买他的东西。
example sentence not found
Salespeople visiting their accounts.     推销员拜访了他们的客户
The plausible talk of a crafty salesperson.     诡计多端的推销员的花言巧语
The saleswoman in the shop is always eager to please everybody.     ＂商店里的那个女售货员总是十分殷勤，希望使人人满意。＂
example sentence not found
The salient point of his plan is summed up in this report.     他的计划的要点在这个报告中酌此概括。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The nurse diluted the drug with saline water.     护士用生理盐水把药加以稀释。
example sentence not found
James ordered a Salisbury steak for lunch.     詹姆士叫了一客混有蛋、牛乳、面包粉的合成牛肉饼。
Saliva helps one chew and digest food.     唾液能帮助咀嚼和消化食物。
Saliva is secretion of the salivary glands.     唾液是唾液腺的分泌物。
Saliva is secretion of the salivary glands.     唾液是唾液腺的分泌物。
She is ill with a sallow face.     她病了，面色发黄。
The soldiers made a successful sally.     士兵们进行了一次成功的突围。
He planed to go fishing for salmon on Sunday.     他计划星期天去钓鲑鱼。
Five people are taken to hospital with Salmonella poisoning.     有五个人由于得了沙门氏菌中毒症而被送进了医院。
Be there a beauty salon?     旅馆内有美容院吗？
The first drink Thursday was on the house in the leading saloon.     一些有名气的酒吧，星期四的头一杯酒从前是免费的。
They salted down most of the meat for their later use.     他们将大部分肉用盐腌起来，以备日后用。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I say, waiter, the soup is too salty.     喂，服务员，这汤太咸了。
example sentence not found
The accident is a salutary reminder of the danger of climbing.     这一事故有益的一面是提醒了我们攀登活动是有许多危险的。
He raised his hat in salutation.     他举起帽子致意。
They saluted each other by raising their hats.     他们举起帽子互相致意。
example sentence not found
The government tried to salvage several business companies from bankruptcy.     政府设法把这几个商业公司从破产境地中拯救出来。
After so much dry weather, the rain has been the farmer's salvation.     天气干旱了这么久，这场雨成了农民的救星。
She paid the repair bill as a salve to her conscience.     她付了维修费以减轻内疚感。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Thanks, Sam, bye.     谢谢，山姆，再见。
A dance similar to the samba.     卡里奥克舞一种类似桑巴舞的舞蹈
Father sits in the same chair every evening.     父亲每晚都坐在同一张椅子上，
The tedious sameness of winter days indoors     冬天室内那种漫长而又单调乏味的生活。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The nurse took a sample of my blood for tests.     护士抽了我的血样去化验。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The Powell structural research lab at the university of California at San Diego tests new bridge materials such as carbon and fiberglass polymers.     位于圣地亚哥的加州大学鲍威尔建筑实验室试制出了新的桥梁建筑材料，如碳和玻璃纤维聚合体。
The San Francisco earthquake was one of the worst catastrophes of the century.     旧金山地震是世纪性的灾难之一。
example sentence not found
This is sanctified ground, and we may not tread upon it.     这是圣地，我们不可践踏。
example sentence not found
The minister can only act in this matter with the sanction of Parliament.     部长只有得到国会批准才能就此事采取行动。
She gives us a living example of sanctity.     她给我们树立了一个圣洁的活榜样。
It is a classic sanctuary in which the rationalist fancy may take refuge.     这是一所古雅的圣殿，理性主义者可以躲在其中。
I was allowed once into his inner sanctum.     我有一次获准进入他的内室.
His company was built on the sand.     他的公司根基不稳固。
She wears sandals every day in summer.     夏天她每天都穿凉鞋。
example sentence not found
Sandra is a strict vegetarian and won't eat meat in any shape or form.     桑德拉是个严格的食素者，不吃任何形式的肉类制品。
The sands are running out: we must have the money by tomorrow.     剩下的时间不多了: 我们明天得弄到这笔钱.
Sandstone cuts easily.     砂岩容易切割.
A sandstorm kicked up while we drove through the desert.     我们在沙漠里行驶时，沙暴加强了
He made a ham sandwich.     他做了一个火腿三明治。
Most of the shore is rocky, but there is a sandy beach.     沿海大部分为岩石，但也有一部分沙滩。
It's hard to stay sane under such awful pressure.     处于这种可怕的压力之下，不疯才怪呢。
example sentence not found
The soldiers sang a song of victory, describing their prowess in battle.     战士们唱起了歌颂他们英勇战斗的凯歌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is not very sanguine about our chances of success.     他对我们成功的机会不太乐观。
Sanitary conditions had deteriorated to such an extent that there was widespread danger of disease.     卫生条件恶化到了如此程度，到处都有发生疾病的危险。
The people lived in that city can keep sanitation clean.     住在那个城市的人们能保持公共卫生的清洁。
His strange remarks planted doubts in our minds about his sanity.     他那些怪话使我们心中生疑，不知他精神是否正常。
The ship sank 10 miles out of Stockholm.     船在离斯德哥尔摩10英里处沉没了.
She still believes in Santa Claus and it would be cruel to disillusion her.     她仍然相信有圣诞老人, 要是使她这一幻想破灭就於心不忍了.
Her long illness gradually sapped her strength.     长期的患病使她的体力渐渐衰竭。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It's our duty to protect the saplings.     保护树苗是我们的责任。
example sentence not found
Her sapphire necklace attracted everyone's attention.     她的蓝宝石项链吸引了每个人的注意。
At what time shall we arrive at sapporo if we take this plane.     如果我们坐这架飞机，我们将在几点到达札幌。
example sentence not found
Judy goes to the movies as often as Sara does.     朱迪像莎拉一样时常去看电影。
example sentence not found
He was totally flattened by her sarcasm.     她说的挖苦话使他无地自容.
She talked with him with sarcastic tones.     她用挖苦的语调和他说话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The ten of us were squashed together like sardines in the tin.     我们十几个人像沙丁鱼罐头一样挤成一团。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Our windows have double-pane sashes.     我们的窗户有双层的玻璃窗框。
She sat gazing out of the window.     她坐着凝视着窗外。
Satan is still a servant of God.     撒旦仍是上帝的奴仆。
American writers closed ranks yesterday behind Satanic Verses' author Salman Rushdie, with at least two demonstrations planned for tomorrow and called for President Bush to take action.     美国作家昨天团结一致支持《撒旦诗篇》的作者拉什迪，计划明天至少举行两起示威，并要求布什总统采取行动。
example sentence not found
She sated with sleep.     她睡腻了。
They have launched a man-made satellite successfully.     他们成功地发射了一颗人造卫星。
She pushed her chair back from the table, satiated.     她把椅子从餐桌向后挪了挪，再也吃不下了。
example sentence not found
The little girl wore satin ribbons in her hair.     小女孩在头发上戴了缎带。
example sentence not found
His new play is a satire on the fashion industry.     他的新剧本是一部讽刺时装业的作品。
example sentence not found
A satirical imitation or burlesque of the heroic manner or style.     嘲弄地模仿英雄风格的作品对英雄行为或风格的讽刺的模仿或戏谑
Roman satirist whose works denounced the corruption and extravagance of the privileged classes in Rome.     尤维纳利斯古罗马讽刺作家，其作品谴责了古罗马特权阶级的腐化和奢侈
Politicians are often satirized on TV and radio.     政客常遭到电视与无线电广播的讥讽.
The store owner received satisfaction for the damage.     店主收到了对损坏的赔偿。
Some English phrases can't be done into Chinese satisfactorily.     有些英语成语是无法满意地译成汉语。
The answer was not quite satisfactory to him.     这项答复未能使他完全满意。
The quiet contentment of a well-fed child satisfied the tired mother.     孩子喂饱后不哭不闹的满足状使疲惫的母亲很满意。
Just to satisfy my curiosity, how much did you pay for your car?     我只是出于好奇，请问你买这辆车花了多少钱？
That is a satisfying book.     那是一本令人满意的书。
example sentence not found
We lay on the beach, saturated in sunshine.     我们躺在沙滩上, 沐浴在阳光里.
We lay on the beach, saturated in sunshine.     我们躺在沙滩上, 沐浴在阳光里.
So many refugees have arrived that the camps have reached saturation point.     来了那麽多的难民, 营房都饱和了.
She goes swimming on Saturdays.     她每个星期六都游泳。
Saturn is the planet sixth in order from the sun.     土星是依次离太阳的第六颗行星。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A satyr is half man and half goat in Greek and Roman mythology.     在希腊和罗马神话中，森林之神是半人半羊的样子。
Hunger is the best sauce.     饥不择食。
She put some noodles in the aluminum saucepan.     她在铝锅里下了些面条。
He put the cup on the saucer.     他把茶杯放在茶托上。
His daughter is a saucy tomboy.     他女儿是一个调皮的假小子。
A unit of currency in Saudi Arabia.     库什沙特阿拉伯的一种货币单位
A unit of currency in Saudi Arabia.     库什沙特阿拉伯的一种货币单位
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Many people don't like blood sausage.     很多人不喜欢黑香肠。
example sentence not found
These civilizations flourished while Europeans were still savages living in caves.     当欧洲人还是居住在洞穴中的野蛮人时，这些地方的文化早已十分繁荣昌盛。
For several days, they savagely suppressed the demonstrations.     有好几天，他们野蛮地镇压示威游行。
example sentence not found
Polish patriot and general who aided American forces in the Revolutionary War, commanding the defense of Charleston(1779) and leading a cavalry brigade in the siege of Savannah, during which he was mortally wounded.     普瓦斯基，卡齐米尔1747－1779波兰爱国主义者和将军，在美国独立战争中曾支持美军，指挥了查理斯顿防御战（1779年）并在萨瓦纳之围时率领一个骑兵旅，在这场战斗中受重伤而牺牲
example sentence not found
The doctor managed to save his life.     医生救了他的命。
Good news for all savers a rise in interest rates!     储蓄者的好消息－－利率提高了。
Saving your presence, I don't think the suggestion is very sensible.     请恕我直言，我认为这个建议不太合情理。
The old man kept his savings in the bank.     老人把他的储蓄存在银行里。
My savings account is low.     我的存款几乎用完了
To Christians, Jesus Christ is the Savior.     对基督徒来说，主耶稣是他们的救世主。
To Christians, Jesus Christ is the Saviour.     对基督徒来说，主耶稣是他们的救世主。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He drank the wine slowly, savoring every drop.     他慢慢地喝着酒，细细品尝着每滴酒的滋味。
This place doesn't have a very savory reputation.     这个地方的名声可不太好。
Life seems to have lost most of its savour for him.     对他来说，生活似乎已失去了一切乐趣。
This restaurant is famous for its savoury dishes.     这家饭店以饭菜美味而出名。
Where's your savvy?     你的常识到哪里去了?
May I borrow your saw?     我可以借你的锯子吗？
The loveliest doll in the last analysis is merely sawdust.     说到底，最可爱的布娃娃也只不过是锯末做成的。
There are many sawyers in that sawmill.     那家锯木厂有很多锯木工。
The Saxon once settled in England in early times.     撒克逊人早期曾定居英格兰。
example sentence not found
It's hard to say who it was.     很难说那是谁。
More haste, less speed, as the saying goes.     常言道，“欲速则不达”。
Who says?     谁说的？
You don't need my say-so to change things.     你不必向我请示可自行做些变动.
I thought I heard sb calling.     我好像听见有人喊叫.
example sentence not found
He made a very beautiful scabbard for his knife.     他为他的刀做了一个漂亮的鞘。
Her scabrous novels shocked the public.     她的小说淫秽不堪, 公众十分震惊.
The worker fell down from the scaffold.     那个工人从脚手架掉了下来。
example sentence not found
She was scalded when the boiler exploded.     锅炉爆炸时她被烫伤了。
The coffee was scalding hot.     这咖啡是滚烫的。
Scale the fish before cooking them.     烧鱼之前先去掉鱼鳞。
The act of scaling a fortified wall or rampart.     攀登，爬云梯攀登设防的高墙或城垣的行为
example sentence not found
Some people like to eat scallop.     有些人喜欢吃干贝。
You've just about scalped me!     你把我的头发剃得太短了！
The doctor finished the operation, but his success depended on the backroom boys who had invented the new laser scalpel.     医生做完了手术，但他的成功有赖于那些发明了新型激光手术刀的研究人员。
A congenital, often hereditary skin disease characterized by dry, thickened, scaly skin.     鳞癣，干皮病一种先天的，经常是遗传性的皮肤病，表现为皮肤干燥、变厚并出现鳞状屑片
example sentence not found
Giggling, the children scampered back into the house.     孩子们咯咯笑着，蹦蹦跳跳地跑回屋里。
The radar scanned the sky for enemy planes.     雷达密切监视天空，搜索敌机。
The President is at the center of a recent scandal over revelation about his financial interests.     总统因近来被揭露涉嫌金融权益问题而成为丑闻的主角。
We are surprised by his scandalous behaviour.     我们很震惊他那令人反感的举止。
Scandinavia refers to Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Iceland.     斯堪的那维亚是指丹麦、挪威、瑞典和冰岛。
One of two words derived from the same historical source by different routes of transmission, such as skirt from Scandinavian and shirt from English.     同源词词源相同但是传播途径不同的一对词中的一个，如skirt来自斯堪的纳维亚语和shirt来自英语
example sentence not found
He paid scant attention to what was said.     他没怎么听讲。
He is scanty with words.     他沉默寡言。
The accused was used as a scapegoat.     被告成为别人的替罪羊。
The wound gradually scarred over.     伤口渐渐愈合。
Good fruit is scarce in winter and costs a lot.     好的水果冬天难得见到，而且价格昂贵。
Scarcely had he arrived when he had to leave again.     他刚刚到达就不得不又离开。
The scarcity of food forced prices up.     食物短缺促使物价上涨。
The child was scared of the fierce looking dog.     这孩子害怕那条外表凶恶的狗。
The child was scared of the fierce looking dog.     这孩子害怕那条外表凶恶的狗。
She wore a woolen scarf around her neck.     她脖子上戴了一条羊毛围巾。
example sentence not found
Scarlet is much lighter than crimson.     绯红色比深红色亮丽得多。
Scarlet fever is highly contagious.     猩红热传染性很强。
example sentence not found
The boat has scars from hitting the reefs.     船只因撞在暗礁上而留下了疤痕。
That's scary! 　　     真令人害怕！
example sentence not found
The report is scathing about the lack of safety precaution.     该报道对缺乏安全预防措施一事严加指责。
The farmers were scattering seed on the fields.     农夫把种子撒在田里。
example sentence not found
Scattered showers are expected this afternoon.     预料今天下午有零星阵雨。
example sentence not found
He is just fit for a job as scavenger.     他正好当个清道夫之职。
It looked ominously like we were about to repeat the earlier scenario.     而且看上去很不妙，好象我们又得重复上次那一幕了。
And now the scene shifts to the warehouse, where the murderer is lying in wait.     现在场景转到仓库，行凶者正埋伏在那里伺机行动。
We passed through some beautiful scenery on our journey through this district.     我们在穿越这个地区的旅途中，看到了不少美丽的景色。
The scenic splendors of the Rocky Mountains are overwhelming.     落基山脉的壮丽景色使人赞叹不已。
The police are on the scent of the thieves.     警察发现了小偷的线索。
example sentence not found
The government must still convince the sceptics that its policy will work.     政府仍须使持怀疑态度的人相信其政策可行.
My assurances don't satisfy him: he's still sceptical.     我说的确确实实他都不信，仍有疑虑。
example sentence not found
Sceptres are carried by kings as a sign of power.     国王所持的权杖是权力的象征。
The project was completed ahead of the schedule.     这项工程提前完工。
The train is due (in) (ie scheduled to arrive) in five minutes.     火车预定在5分钟後到达.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He examined the wiring scheme carefully.     他仔细检查线路图。
A scheming person.     诡计多端者
example sentence not found
A person claiming to be or elected pope in opposition to the one chosen by church law, as during a schism.     伪教皇在教会分立中宣称教皇或被选为教皇的人，与教会律法选出的教皇对立
example sentence not found
A type of schizophrenia, usually starting at puberty, characterized by foolish mannerisms, senseless laughter, delusions, hallucinations, and regressive behavior.     青春期痴呆一种精神分裂症，通常始发于青春期，其特征为举止痴呆、傻笑、妄想、幻觉以及退化的举止
He ranks high as a scholar.     他是第一流的学者。
He could not fully understand these involved scholarly lectures.     这些艰深的学术讲演他不能完全听懂。
He won a scholarship to Cambridge.     他获得一份到剑桥大学读书的奖学金。
A fixed amount of scholastic study used as a basis for calculating academic credits, usually measured in hours of classroom instruction or laboratory work.     上课时量，计算学分的学习量学术研究的固定量，用作计算专科院校学分的基础，通常按教室教育或实验室工作的小时测量
She studies in a high school.     她在一所中学学习。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
May your future be as success flu as your school day had been.     祝你将如同过去在学校一样事事成功。
The coach checked the football uniforms at the end of the school year.     教练在每个学年末都把足球运动服收回登记。
example sentence not found
These schoolboys decided to go outing.     这些男学生决定去野游。
example sentence not found
This schoolgirl likes to do some needlework.     这个女学生喜欢做针线活。
The roof of the schoolhouse is covered with snow.     校舍的屋顶上覆盖着积雪。
He has little real schooling.     他几没受过正式的学校教育。
What did the schoolmaster say?     校长说了些什么？
Does she help her schoolmate to have known his mistake?     她是否帮助她的同学认识了他的错误？
example sentence not found
How many schoolrooms are there in this college?     这所大学里有多少教室？
example sentence not found
Is her schoolwork up to scratch?     她的功课行吗?
I thought he was making fun of me and ran faster than ever reaching the schoolyard quite out of breath.     我以为他在取笑我，就越发跑得快起来，到达学校时我都上气不接下气了。
He drank a schooner of beer and became drunken.     他喝了一大酒杯啤酒后醉倒了。
I like to read science fiction.     我喜欢读科幻小说。
I like to read science fiction.     我喜欢读科幻小说。
We all support his scientific research.     我们都支持他的科学研究。
example sentence not found
Scientists haven't found the pathogeny of the disease.     科学家们尚未发现这种病的病因。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There is a pair of scissors in the bottom drawer.     最底下的抽屉里有把剪刀。
example sentence not found
I told them my ideas but they scoffed at them.     我把自己的想法告诉他们，但他们嗤之以鼻。
The child was scolded by his mother.     这个孩子受到母亲的责骂。
There are several scoops in my kitchen.     我的厨房里有好几个勺子。
For sale: small motor scooter. Enquire within.     待售：小型摩托车，请进内询问。
Your question is beyond the scope of this book.     你所问的问题已超出了这本书的范围。
The long drought scorched the grass.     久旱使青草枯萎。
The bowler let go a couple of scorchers.     投球手投出了几个快球.
He drew back from the scorching heat.     他从灼人的热气中退了回来。
The score was five-nil with five minute left in the game.     比赛离终场还有五分钟时，双方比分为五比零。
example sentence not found
He's manchester's top scorer.     他是曼联队的头号得分手。
Scoring ability or potential.     得分率得分的能力或潜力
He poured scorn on my suggestion.     他对我的建议表示轻蔑。
He gave a scornful laugh at my proposal.     他对我的建议轻蔑地一笑。
Scornfully contemptuous ridicule; derision.     嘲讽责备地鄙视可笑之事；嘲笑
A scorpion has a poisonous sting in its long jointed tail.     蝎子的长尾巴上长着一个有毒的蛰针。
She married a Scot.     她嫁给了一个苏格兰人。
The doctor scotched her false story.     医生戳穿了她的骗局。
example sentence not found
These two tourists came from Scotland.     这两名游客来自苏格兰。
The Scots have distilled whisky for centuries.     苏格兰人用蒸馏法制威士忌酒已有数百年历史.
What does a Scotsman wear underneath his kilt?     苏格兰男子在短裙下面穿著什麽?
When Scott reached the South Pole he found Amundsen had anticipated him.     当斯科特抵达南极的时候, 发现阿蒙森比他到得更早.
This Scottish plant was a gift from my cousin.     这棵苏格兰植物是我的一个表亲给我的礼物。
The scoundrel was arrested and put into prison.     这个恶棍被逮捕并被投进了监狱。
example sentence not found
The police scoured the area looking for the lost child.     警方搜遍这个地区寻找这个走失的孩子。
The old man is scourged by a guilty conscience.     这个老人受到负罪感的折磨。
He scouted around to see what he could find.     他四处寻找，看看能找到些什么。
example sentence not found
The receptionist scowled at me.     接待员怒视着我。
example sentence not found
It's quite a scramble to get to the top of the hill!     要往上爬很长一段路才能到达山顶呢！
example sentence not found
You ought to scrap the old bike and buy a new one.     你应该扔掉这辆旧自行车，买一辆新的。
She pasted the pictures into a scrapbook.     她把图片贴在剪贴簿上。
He suffered a few cuts and scrapes.     他割破和擦伤了几个地方。
The lorry shaved the barrier, scraping its side.     那辆卡车掠过路障，刮坏了车身。
A scrappy litigator.     爱吵好斗的人。
The recording was spoiled by scratches.     录音被沙沙声破坏了。
She scrawled a few words on the postcard.     她在明信片上草草地写了几个字。
The boy was screaming with pain.     这男孩痛得尖叫起来。
example sentence not found
The boy was screaming with pain.     这男孩痛得尖叫起来。
example sentence not found
The gate screeched as it opened.     大门打开时发出刺耳的声音。
example sentence not found
You can't screen your children from the real life forever.     你不能永远护住自己的子女，不让他们接触现实生活。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A screening against light or heat.     遮蔽光或热的遮挡物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The table legs are screwed to the floor.     这张桌子的腿是用螺丝固定在地板上的。
This screwdriver has been magnetized.     这把改锥已经磁化了.
The child is scribbling all over a book.     这孩子正在本子上到处乱画。
The scribe worked hard to support his family.     那个抄写员辛勤工作来养家。
The script was a bit racy until the producer wielded his blue pencil.     在制片人挥动他那蓝色铅笔删改前，剧本有一些逃逗性。
He reads the Holy Scripture everyday.     他每天都读《圣经》。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
At the ceremony he was presented with a scroll commemorating his achievement.     在典礼上，他被授予表彰他成就的卷轴。
example sentence not found
What a miserable old devil Scrooge was!     斯克鲁奇是多麽可恶的吝啬鬼呀!
I managed to scrounge the materials to build a shed.     我设法弄来点材料搭个棚子.
Although she scrubbed the old pot thoroughly, she could not make it look completely clean.     虽然她彻底地用力擦洗那只旧壶，但她无法把它完全洗干净。
You can't go to a job interview looking so scruffy!     你求职去面试不能这邋里邋遢的!
Shoppers got into a scrum round the bargain counter.     顾客在廉价品柜台周围你争我夺.
What a scrumptious meal!     多香的饭菜!
example sentence not found
He has absolutely no scruples; he'll do anything to get what he wants.     他没有一点点顾忌，为了得到自己想要的东西，他什么事都做得出来。
A less scrupulous man wouldn't have given the money back.     换个不甚诚实的人是决不会把钱归还的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Everything we do on the site is proper and lawful,  said Levin, noting that the yard,… is under constant scrutiny. It's in a fishbowl,  he said.     我们在场地上做的一切都合情合法，莱文说，并指出……场地经常受到检查。他说，场地上一切都是一目了然。
example sentence not found
Ned used to be a scuba diver and now he's gone to the other extreme and taken up hang gliding.     内德过去是一名深水潜水员，现在他已走到另一个极端，开始从事悬挂式滑行运动。
Ned used to be a scuba diver and now he's gone to the other extreme and taken up hang gliding.     内德过去是一名深水潜水员，现在他已走到另一个极端，开始从事悬挂式滑行运动。
The yacht was scudding along before the wind.     那只帆船正乘风笔直疾驶.
If you scuff (your feet) like that, you'll wear the heels out.     你那麽拖著脚走路, 就要把鞋跟磨坏了.
They scuffled with reporters.     他们与记者撕打起来。
example sentence not found
Selling expensive [Manhattan] East Side residential properties earns her keep. Sculpting brings pleasure and extra income.     她靠［曼哈顿］东区昂贵的高级住宅房地产买卖为生。雕塑则是她兴趣所在，并带来额外收入。
The sculptor is working on a sculpture of Venus.     那个雕刻家正在雕一个维纳斯雕像。
The water had sculptured the rocks into strange shapes.     水把岩石侵袭得奇形怪状。
I wouldn't have anything to do with those scum.     我不会和那些无耻之徒来往。
She is often quite scurrilous in her reference to me.     她一提起我，常常骂骂咧咧的。
The beetle scuttled away when I lifted the stone.     我把石头搬起来时，那只甲虫跑了。
That was a scurvy trick to play on an old lady.     用那样的花招欺负一个老太太, 可真卑鄙.
The beetle scuttled away when I lifted the stone.     我把石头搬起来时，那只甲虫跑了。
The workers are scything in the meadow.     工人们正在草地上割草。
The sea covers nearly three-fourths of the world's surface.     海洋几乎占地球表面的四分之三。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A large elevated area of a sea floor.     海底斜坡大面积倾斜的海底
example sentence not found
This mountain is 1,400 meters above sea level.     这座山海拔1,400米。
example sentence not found
Our language goes current along the seacoast.     我们的语言通用于沿海一带。
example sentence not found
I can't stomach seafood.     我吃不惯海味.
A seagull skims the water.     海鸥掠过水面。
The envelope was firmly sealed.     这个信封封得很严实。
The radioactive waste should be buried deeply under the ground in sealed box.     这些放射性废物应该放在密封的箱子里深埋在地下。
example sentence not found
His face is seamed with age.     他因年老而满脸皱纹。
We have many skilled seamen on our ship.     我们船上有很多有经验的水手。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The seamstress ornamented the dress with lace.     女裁缝用花边来装饰衣服。
The seamy side of life includes crime and other evils.     生活的阴暗面包括犯罪和其它邪恶事情。
He came from a large seaport.     他来自于一个大型海港城市。
The terrible experience is seared into my memory.     那次可怕的经历铭刻在我的记忆中。
We did a computer search for all the hyphenated words.     我们用电脑查找所有用连字符连接的词。
She gave me a searching look and asked if I was lying.     她用锐利的目光看著我，问我是否说谎了。
The police shone a searchlight on the house.     警察用探照灯照射这所房子.
The novel is a searing indictment of urban poverty.     这部小说是对城市贫困的震撼心灵的控诉。
example sentence not found
Small seashells were often used as a primitive kind of money.     小贝壳常被用作简单的货币。
I like to walk along the seashore.     我喜欢沿着海滨散步。
example sentence not found
I stayed two weeks at the seaside.     我在海边呆了两个星期。
Winter is the low season at seaside hotels.     冬季是海滨旅馆业的淡季。
Overcoats are seasonal goods.     大衣是季节性商品。
A wind system that influences large climatic regions and reverses direction seasonally.     季风影响大面积地区的气候并随季节而改变风向的风
This meat should be seasoned with salt and mustard.     这肉里应该加些盐和芥末。
A solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk, often seasoned and aged.     奶酪从经压缩过的牛奶凝聚物制成的固体食物，经常是风干的并且是陈年的
How many seasons are there in a year? There are four seasons in a year.     一年有几个季节？ 一年有四季。
Oxford and Cambridge are England's most famous seats in learning.     牛津和剑桥是英国最著名的学府。
Fasten your seat belt.     系好你的安全带。
Be seated! This court is now in session.     请坐下！本庭现在开庭。
The rear seating compartment of an early type of automobile.     后部座位部分一种早期汽车具有的车身后部分的座位
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They painted a coat of paint to prevent the oxidation of the ship by seawater.     他们刷了一层油漆以防止船只被海水氧化。
The smell of seaweed took him back to his childhood.     海草的气味使他回想起童年时代.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The secession of some southern states from the USA in the 1860s led to the civil war.     由于南部某些州于十九世纪六十年代脱离美国而导致了南北战争。
She secludes herself in her study to work.     她把自己关在书房里埋头研究.
Hidden from view; secluded.     隐退的隐藏不让看见的；隐退的
The Hindu or Moslem system of sex segregation, practiced especially by keeping women in seclusion.     深闺制度尤指使妇女处于隔离状态的印度或穆斯林的性隔离系统
example sentence not found
He was seconded in his offer of help by several other friends.     他得到数位朋友的支持，和他一起伸出援手。
Second class is cheaper.     二等邮件较便宜.
All other considerations are secondary to his safety.     现在首先要考虑的是他的安全，其他事都是次要的。
He works in a secondary school.     他在一所中学工作。
The papers have all been trying to second-guess each other about the President's next move.     各报一直在竞相猜测总统的下一步行动.
He had been lucky enough to pick up a sofa in a secondhand shop which was as good as new and cost him under￡50.     他很幸运，在一家旧货店里买到了一个像新的一样的沙发，用的钱连50镑还不到。
The illness can develop in two ways: firstly, in cases of high blood pressure and secondly...     这种病有两种情况: 第一, 由高血压引起; 第二....
example sentence not found
He has been sworn to secrecy about this.     他已经发誓对这件事保密。
We discovered a secret passage behind the wall.     我们在墙后发现了秘密通道。
Can you fix me up with a secretarial job?     你能不能给我安排一个秘书工作？
Mr. Smith, late of the UN Secretariat.     以前在联合国秘书处服务过的史密斯先生。
She is a secretary in our company.     她是我们公司的一位秘书。
He found the money secreted in a drawer.     他找到了藏在抽屉里的钱。
example sentence not found
The secretion of bile is useful for our bodies.     胆汁的分泌对我们的身体很有用处。
I don't know why Fred is always secretive as regards his family.     我不知道为什么凡涉及到他的家，弗雷德总是保密。
Not in public; secretly or confidentially.     秘密地非公开地；秘密地或在私下地
The break-away sect was contemned by other religious groups.     这个分裂出去的派别受到其他宗教团体的蔑视。
example sentence not found
Signals control each section of the railway track.     各种信号控制着铁路轨道的每个部分。
example sentence not found
He had the support of large sections of the populace.     他获得大多数民众的支持。
The government made an investigation of the employment in the public and private sectors.     政府对国营和私营部门的就业情况作了一次调查。
Secular music refers to music which is not religious.     世俗音乐是指非宗教的音乐。
He secured the release of the hostages.     他已经设法使人质获释。
The prisoner's hands were securely tied.     那犯人的双手给牢牢捆住了.
Failure to receive the proceeds of a transaction, as in the sale of stock or securities, by a specified date.     交割失信在股票或抵押品售出后，未能在规定日期内办理交接手续
What I need now is the security of a happy home.     我现在需要的是一个幸福家庭所给予的安全感。
No problem. Right this way. Here we have a great red two-door to sedan.     看这边。这儿有一辆很棒的红色双门轿车。
Prim and sedate.     严肃沉闷的
The doctor gave him a sedative to help him sleep.     医生给了他镇静剂帮助他入睡。
He leads a sedentary life.     他过着久坐不动的生活。
You should not drink the wine with a gritty sediment.     不要喝有沙粒状沉淀物的葡萄酒。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He was seduced into leaving the company by the offer of higher pay elsewhere.     其他地方更优厚的薪金待遇诱使他离开了公司。
Seduction from morality, allegiance, or duty.     道德败坏；不忠；玩忽职守
I long to be seductive and tempting. What's Helen got that I haven't got?     我真希望自己富有迷人的魅力。为什么海伦就比我强呢？
example sentence not found
I looked for her in the crowd but couldn't see her.     我在人群中寻找她，但看不到。
Part of every crop is saved for seed.     每一种庄稼都留一部分作种子。
The seedling was frozen to death.     幼苗被冻死了。
example sentence not found
The grapes are delicious but very seedy.     葡萄好吃是好吃, 就是子儿太多.
Seeing is believing.     眼见为实。
Seeing is believing.     眼见为实。
You should seek advice from your lawyer on this matter.     这件事情你应该请教你的律师。
President James A. Garfield was shot by a disappointed office seeker on July2, 1881.     1881年7月2日，詹姆斯・A・加菲尔德总统被一个失望的谋求官职者枪击
He seems an energetic person.     他似乎是一个精力充沛的人。
Seeming or professed; ostensible.     假装的表面上的或自称的；貌似真实的
I'd prefer to too really back to normal, not seemingly so.     我希望你的身体能真正恢复正常，而不只是表面上有好转。
Chewing gum on a train is not seemly in a lady.     淑女在火车上嚼囗香糖不太雅观。
I haven't seen him recently.     我最近没有看到他。
The teacher stopped speaking to allow time for the meaning of his words to seep through.     那位老师停止讲话，以便留出时间（让学生们）理解他所讲的意思。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She was seething with rage at his remarks.     他的评论把她气得火冒三丈。
The company dominates this segment of the market.     这家公司控制了这一部分市场。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The company dominates this segment of the market.     这家公司控制了这一部分市场。
Why should the handicappedbe segregated from the able-bodied?     为什麽要把伤残人士和身体健康的人分开?
An official policy of racial segregation practiced in the Republic of South Africa, involving political, legal, and economic discrimination against nonwhites.     种族隔离制南非共和国实行的一种官方的种族隔离政策，包括在政治、法律和经济诸方面对非白色人种的歧视
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Don't hesitate; seize the first opportunity that comes along!     别再犹豫了，一有机会就抓住它！
The seizure of contraband is made by customs.     那些走私品是被海关没收的。
He seldom eats breakfast.     他很少吃早餐。
A select group were invited to the wedding reception.     一群经过挑选的人士被邀请参加婚宴。
The milkman selected the spotted cows, from among a herd of two hundred.     牛奶商从一群200头牛中选出有斑点的牛。
That shop has a fine selection of cakes.     那家商店有各种精美的糕点供我们选择。
She is selective in the dresses she wears.     她对于自己穿的衣服精挑细选。
example sentence not found
The selector is accused of showing prejudice in failing to include him in the team.     有人指责遴选者怀有成见才未吸收他加入该队。
example sentence not found
Knowledge of self increases as one gets older.     随着年岁的增长，人们的自我认识也不断加深。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The diagram is self-explanatory.     该图表本身即很清楚.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Self-help is an important element in therapy for the handicapped.     伤残人士在治疗中, 自助自立是个重要因素.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A selfish person always thinks about himself.     一个自私的人总是想着自己。
His selfishness caused him to refuse my solicitation.     他的自私让他拒绝了我的请求。
example sentence not found
He trained them to be bold selfless fighters for the interests of the people.     他培养他们成为为人民利益奋斗的勇敢无私的战士。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Her self-sacrifice saved our lives.     她以自我牺牲精神救了我们的性命.
They were both born on that selfsame day.     他们俩都是那一天出生的.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She's handicapped but very self-sufficient.     她身体有缺陷, 但很有自立的能力.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I'd like to buy your house if you are willing to sell it.     如果你愿意卖的话，我想买你的房子。
It was a seller's market for cars in 1970.     1970年是汽车的卖方市场。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There are piles of papers all over the desk with no semblance of order.     桌子上堆满了一堆堆杂乱无章的文件。
This semester will be my last one in this university.     这个学期将是我在这所大学的最后一学期了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Microelectronic circuits in which the passive components and their metallic interconnections are formed directly on an insulating substrate and the active semiconductor devices(usually in wafer form) are added subsequently.     一种微电子电路器件，其中的无源元件及内部金属连线直接在绝缘衬底上形成，然后再加上有源半导体器件（通常以大圆片形式给出）。
example sentence not found
In the first act the curtain goes up on a typical sitting-room of a small English semidetached house.     第一幕，幕启。展现在观众眼前的一是栋英式半独立的小屋里的一间典型的起居室。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The old professor had presided over a seminar for theoretical physicists.     老教授主持了一次理论物理学家的研讨会。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The Senate has voted to support the President's defense plans.     参议院已经投票支持总统的防卫计划。
The senator voted to support the president.     这位参议员投票支持总统。
Radio Beijing sends the news all over the world.     北京广播电台向全世界播送新闻。
The parcel was returned to the sender because the directions were incorrect.     包裹因姓名地址有误而退给了寄件人.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He keeps forgetting things: I think he's getting senile.     他总忘事, 我看他是老了.
example sentence not found
He is senior to me, though he is younger.     他地位比我高，虽然他比我年轻。
Lying north of the church is a girls' senior high school.     位于这座教堂以北的是一所女子高中。
Should promotion be through merit or seniority?     晋升应该凭成绩还是靠年资？
The new discovery caused a great sensation.     这项新发现很轰动。
What a sensational story! It has all the elements of a soap opera.     多麽耸人听闻的事! 具备连续剧的一切要素.
Avoid sensationalism in reporting crime.     报道罪案时要避免使用耸动视听的手段.
The horse sensed danger and stopped.     马感觉到了危险，于是停了下来。
example sentence not found
His decision is quite senseless.     他的决定非常愚蠢。
His words hurt the reader's sensibility.     他的言语伤害了读者的感情。
Some engineers take the view that since so much effort has been put into making this system work it would be sensible in the short term to continue the same line rather than start afresh.     有些工程师认为，既然为这一系统起作用已付出如此巨大的努力，明智的做法是短期内将这项工作继续下去，而不是从头再来。
The chairman didn't act very sensibly, to put is mildly.     说得婉转些，主席的行为没有理智。
Don't be so sensitive - I was not criticizing you.     别那么敏感，我不是在批评你。
A mathematical measure of the sensitivity of rates of return on a portfolio or a given stock compared with rates of return on the market as a whole. A high degree of such sensitivity indicates moderate or high price volatility.     证券的β因素一种数学手段，对某有价证券或某种给定股票的回报率与整个市场回报率相比的敏感性进行测量。这种高程度敏感性表明其价位处于中度或高度易变状态
Smoke sensors warned us of the fire.     烟雾探测器已向我们发出火警警报.
A literary style characterized by the use of details and mental associations to evoke subjective and sensory impressions rather than the re-creation of objective reality.     印象主义一种文学风格，其特征是利用对细节和感情的描述而不是通过对客观的现实的再创造，来唤起主观的或感觉的印象
He lived a life devoted entirely to sensual pleasure.     他一生耽于肉欲。
A city or place of great luxury, sensuality, and often vice and corruption.     巴比伦式的城市指奢华糜烂的城市或地区，经常是罪恶和腐败的
A devotee to sensuous and luxurious living; an epicure.     享乐主义者喜爱豪华奢侈生活的人；享乐主义者
Relief was quickly sent to the sufferers from the great fire.     救济品很快被送到遭受火灾的灾民手中。
Please fill in the blanks in the sentence.     请做这个句子的填空。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There is no place for sentiment in business.     做生意不能感情用事。
She did it for sentimental reasons.     她出于情感的缘故做了此事。
example sentence not found
Culture or civilization in a degraded state of sentimentality and vulgarity.     庸俗文化处于感伤和粗俗的退化状态的文化或文明
Don't sentimentalize when you talk about animals.     谈论动物不必忧形於色.
example sentence not found
The press is a sentinel of our liberty.     新闻界是捍卫我们自由的卫兵。
The sentry challenged the stranger at the gates.     哨兵查问在门口的陌生人.
example sentence not found
The sepals under the flower wilted.     花朵下面的萼片枯萎了。
Search of knowledge and love of study are in separable.     追求知识与爱好学习是不可分割的。
This word has three separate meanings.     这个词有三个不同的意思。
The war separated many families.     战争使许多家庭妻离子散。
We saw the play separately and compared notes afterwards.     我们各自看了那出戏, 後来交换了意见.
He was unhappy because of his separation from his mother.     他因与母亲分离而感到不快。
Our integrity as a nation is threatened by these separatist forces.     我们国家的完整受到了这些分裂主义势力的威胁。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This term will begin on September 7th.     这个学期将于九月七号开始。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The scene shifted to a sepulcher.     镜头转换到一座坟墓。
He looks quite sepulchral.     他看上去阴沉沉的。
example sentence not found
Famine is often the sequel to war or drought.     饥荒往往是战争或干旱造成的。
example sentence not found
A sequence of murders had prompted the police to actions.     一连串的谋杀迫使警方不得不采取行动。
example sentence not found
The detection and recording of the sequencing of instructions in computer programs, for example, as used in monitors and debugging routines.     对计算机程序中的指令序列的检测和记录，例如在监控程序和调试程序中使用的情况。
The amount of space to be allocated at the end of a file each time a sequential write exceeds the allocated length of the file.     当顺序写操作超出文件原长度时，在文件末端另分配给该文件的空间量。
A subroutine or set of data contained sequentially within another.     子程序包含在其它程序中的程序或一组连续数
The retired film star sequestered herself from the world.     这位退休的影星过着隐居的生活。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Seraph is of the highest rank of angels in the Bible.     六翼天使是圣经中级别最高的天使。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His serene smile calmed all of us down.     他脸上安详的微笑使我们都冷静下来。
example sentence not found
And, though the gleams blind and dazzle, yet do they convey a hint of beauty and serenity greater that we have known or imagined.     还有，尽管这光芒使人眼花缭乱，但它确实传送了一种我们未曾经历的和无法想象的美和静谧的启示。
The serfs were liberated after abolishing serfdom.     废除农奴制度后，农奴们获得了解放。
He dresses in a blue serge suit.     他穿着兰色的毛哔叽套服。
A sergeant asked the stranger to show his pass.     警官要求这个陌生人出示通行证。
Currency notes bear serial numbers.     钞票上有连续的号码。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
After a series of unsuccessful attempts, he has finally passed the driving test.     经过连续几次的失败，他最后终于通过了驾驶考试。
example sentence not found
This company was in serious financial difficulties.     这家公司陷入严重的财政困难。
He was seriously injured in the traffic accident.     他在车祸中受了重伤。
The reader who do not detect the seriousness under the lightness often misread him.     没有意识到轻松掩盖下的严肃性的读者常常会误解他。
The boy got a sermon from his father.     这男孩受到他父亲的训斥。
example sentence not found
Never cherish a serpent in your bosom.     永远不要施恩于忘恩负义之人。
Any of various green rocks, such as serpentine.     蛇纹石一种绿色岩石，如蛇纹大理岩
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The quantity of a vaccine, serum, drug, or other agent necessary to produce a specific effect.     剂量需要产生特定效应的疫苗、浆液、药物或其他剂的量
There were many servants in his house when he was young.     他年轻的时候，家里有许多佣人。
She has served the family faithfully for thirty years.     她为这个家忠心耿耿地操劳了30年。
Servers stand there waiting for customs.     服务员正站在那儿等顾客。
The postal service here is very unreliable.     这里的邮政服务很不可靠。
Here's your bill, sir.I've added on the ten per cent service charge.     先生，这是你的账单，10％的服务费已算在里面了。
The tyres are worn but still serviceable.     这些轮胎已磨损, 但尚可用.
example sentence not found
The process of or time needed for loading, unloading, and servicing a ship, an airplane, or other vehicle.     周转，停航时间轮船、飞机或其它交通工具装货、卸货及维修的过程成所需时间
His servile expression of praise for his employer was disgusting to me.     他奉承雇主的那副奴颜婢膝的嘴脸令我恶心。
A large, powerful computer, often serving several connected terminals.     主计算机大型的、强大的计算机，经常用作一些相互连接的终端服务器
They spent their lives in servitude.     他们在奴役下生活。
example sentence not found
His uncle's advice become his open sesame during his entire career.     他舅舅的忠告成了他整个事业中的成功诀窍。
Be seated! This court is now in session.     请坐下！本庭现在开庭。
I can't stop you if you are set on going.     如果你决意要走，我也留不住你。
The cold weather set back the planting by two weeks.     寒冷的天气使插秧推迟两个星期。
Did he fall on a bad setback?     他是不是遭到了严重的挫折？
The old settee will have to go.     那个长靠椅该扔掉了.
My wife is fond of chocolates; She has a very setter tooth.     我的妻子喜欢巧克力，好吃甜食。
The cooker has several temperature settings.     这个炉具有几个温度定位挡。
The two companies settled out of court.     两家公司在法院外了结了争端。
A desert has no settled population.     沙漠没有固定的居民。
The strikers have reached a settlement with the employers.     罢工者与雇主已达成协议。
The settlers were soon acclimated.     移居者很快就适应了。
It require change to the setup menu as show below.     它需对安装菜单做修改，如下所示。
Everything is at sixes and sevens in the house.     家里现在乱七八糟。
example sentence not found
My grandmother got married at the age of seventeen.     我的祖母十七岁就结婚了。
I came in seventeenth place in the games.     我获得了那项比赛的第十七名。
The child was in his seventh heaven with his new toys.     那小孩玩着新玩具真是快乐极了。
example sentence not found
His grandfather is nearly seventy.     他爷爷快七十岁了。
The rope severed under the strain.     绳子拉紧后崩断了。
I bought several books yesterday.     我昨天买了好几本书。
example sentence not found
Don't be so severe to her---she couldn't help it.     别对她太严厉，她也是没办法。
Dangerous driving should be severely punished.     危险驾驶应受严惩。
Don't speak to the child with severity.     不要用严厉的口气对孩子说话。
Would you sew this button onto my shirt?     请你把这颗纽扣缝到我的衬衫上好吗？
The grave problem of public hygiene is connected with the inefficient sewage system of the city.     公共卫生方面的严重问题与该城低效率的污水处理系统有关。
The sewer in the toilet was blocked.     卫生间的下水道堵住了。
You should oil the sewing machine to stop the squeaking.     你应该给缝纫机上点油，以免发出轧轧声。
My mother-in-law has a sewing machine.     我婆婆有一台缝纫机。
She disguised her true sex under a man's garment.     她身穿男装来掩饰自己的真实性别。
example sentence not found
She was offended at/by his sexist remarks.     他那些性别歧视的话把她惹恼了.
A medieval instrument, now replaced by the sextant, that was once used to determine the altitude of the sun or other celestial bodies.     星盘一种中世纪的仪器，曾用来测量太阳或其它天体的高度，现在已被六分仪取代
example sentence not found
The sexton is an old man.     教堂司事是位老人。
There is a report about a sexual harassment in the office on this newspaper.     今天的报纸上有一篇关于办公室里的性骚扰的报道。
An evil spirit believed to descend upon and have sexual intercourse with women as they sleep.     阴库巴斯恶鬼，梦淫妖据说会趁女人熟睡压而在女人身上并与其交配的恶鬼
example sentence not found
Six women have been sexually assaulted in the area recently.     最近这一带有六个女子遭受强奸猥亵。
She's quite shameless about wearing sexy clothes at work.     她穿著性感的衣服上班而不觉羞耻。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
You look rather shabby in those clothes.     你穿那种衣服显得很蹩脚。
The boy makes a shack out of the old board in the backyard.     男孩们在後院用旧木板盖起一间小木屋。
The prisoner was fastened by a shackle.     那个犯人被手铐铐着。
This seat is shaded by a tree.     这个座位有一棵树遮荫。
This seat is shaded by a tree.     这个座位有一棵树遮荫。
Fine lines used in graphic arts to show shading.     影线在书画刻印艺术中用于表示阴影部分的细线
He walked along in the shadows hoping no one would recognize him.     他走在暗处，希望没有人认出他来。
They dare not walk into the shadowy depths of the forest.     他们不敢走入森林中阴暗的深处。
He found a shady place where he could eat his lunch.     他找了一处阴凉的地方吃了午饭。
The candidates exchanged shafts in the debate.     候选人在辩论中唇枪舌箭。
example sentence not found
He cleaned the mud off his shoes on the shaggy mat in front of the door.     他在门前的粗糙的垫子上把鞋上的泥蹭掉。
He shook his head in disapproval.     他摇了摇头表示反对。
Nowadays, people have shaken off the shackles of some conventions.     今天，人们已经摆脱了一些习俗的束缚。
example sentence not found
Shakespeare is a giant among writers.     莎士比亚是作家中的大文豪。
The house shook.     这房子摇动了。
Having a feeble or unsteady gait; shaky.     不稳的，虚弱的；摇晃的
Most of the rock in this mountain is shale.     这座山上大部分的岩石都是页岩。
Shall I shut the door?     我关上门好吗？
example sentence not found
That dish is too shallow to serve soup in.     那只盘子太浅了，不能盛汤。
He's only shamming.     他只是假装而已。
example sentence not found
Your room is (in) a shambles. Tidy it up!     你的房间乱七八糟. 把它整理一下吧!
She was full of shame at her bad behavior.     她对自己的不良行为感到羞耻。
It was shameful of them to surrender.     他们投降是可耻的。
She's quite shameless about wearing pajamas at work.     她穿着睡衣上班却不觉羞耻。
example sentence not found
A shampoo and set costs 8.     洗头、 做头发共8英镑.
Shanghai is a large city.     上海是一个大城市。
example sentence not found
The soldier rigged up a shanty for a night's rest.     士兵们临时胡乱搭起了一间小屋过夜。
It was the Greeks who shaped the thinking of Western man.     正是希腊人影响了西方人的思维。
Air is shapeless.     空气是没有定形的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
If you want a share of the pay, you'll have to do your fair share of the work.     要是你想得到一份报酬，你就必须做好你该分担的那一份工作。
example sentence not found
He resigned in the face of mounting pressure from the shareholder.     面临来自股东们日益增长的压力，他辞职了。
The condition of sharing similar interests, ideals, or experiences, as by reason of profession, religion, or nationality.     会社，团体由于职业、宗教或民族的原因而共享相似利益、理想或经历
That shark lent me money at very high interest rate.     那个贪婪狡猾的人以很高的利率借给我钱。
It was very sharp of you to have noticed that.     你注意到了这一点是够机灵的。
Generations of urban living sharpened their wits.     世代居住在城市里使他们磨练了才智。
example sentence not found
A ,sharp-eyed police officer spotted the stolen car.     那个目光敏锐的警察发现了那辆被盗的汽车.
The memory remains sharply engraved on my mind.     这件事仍然深深地铭刻在我心中。
As he calmed down, the sharpness went out of his speech.     他冷静下来，说话时火气也就减退了。
My dreams have been shattered.     我的梦想已经破灭了。
He had a shave and a bath.     他刮了脸，又洗了澡。
His shaving mirror was covered with condensation.     他的剃须镜上有一层小水珠.
Slender, curved wood shavings used especially for packing.     细刨花尤用于包装的细长而弯曲的薄木屑
George Bernard Shaw was well-known by his initials GBS.     人们对萧伯纳姓名的首字母GBS非常熟悉.
I gave her a knitted shawl as a Christmas gift.     我送给她一条编织的披肩作圣诞礼物。
She is my sister.     她是我姐姐。
The speaker had a sheaf of notes on the desk in front of him.     演讲者在他面前的桌子上放着一叠笔记。
All her curls have been shorn off.     她的一头卷发被剪得精光。
He is cutting the branches with a pair of shears.     他正用一把大剪刀剪树枝。
The sheath of connective tissue enclosing a bundle of nerve fibers.     经来膜包裹住神经纤维的膜状结缔组织
He sheathed his sword.     他把剑插进鞘里.
Where is the tool shed?     工具棚在哪？
example sentence not found
Her face glowed with a healthy red sheen.     她的脸上闪着健康的红光。
He is as timid as a sheep.     他象绵羊一样怯懦。
example sentence not found
It's a sheer waste of time.     这纯粹是浪费时间。
They wrapped fish and chips in a sheet of newspaper.     他们把鱼和马铃薯片用一张报纸包起来。
Give the sheets a good boil to get them white.     把被单好好煮一煮，好让它们白一些。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Sheila was the first to arrive.     希拉是第一个到达的.
There were a lot of books on the shelves along the walls.     靠墙的书架上有许多书。
She was shelling peas.     她在剥豌豆荚。
example sentence not found
The idea of eating raw shellfish nauseates me.     我一想到吃生贝就恶心.
In the storm I took shelter under the tree.     暴风雨时，我正在树下躲避。
These plants must be sheltered from direct sunlight.     这种植物必须遮起来，免受阳光直射。
Those rare books are shelved in the East Library.     那些珍贵的书籍都放在图书馆东馆的架子上。
He chose a book at a venture from the shelves.     他从书架上随便挑了一本书。
The teacher was shepherding the group of children into the bus.     老师照管着一群孩子上公共汽车。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The sheriff ordered the policemen to gather.     警察局长命令警察集合。
example sentence not found
Will you have a glass of sherry as partaker?     你愿和我一起喝杯雪莉酒吗？
example sentence not found
The shield protected him from the blows of his enemy.     这盾牌保护他免受敌人的打击。
The shield protected him from the blows of his enemy.     这盾牌保护他免受敌人的打击。
A sudden shift in the wind warned of the coming storm.     风向的突然转变预示着暴风雨即将来临。
example sentence not found
The Left is shifting its ground.     左派正在改变立场。
A lazy or shiftless person, especially one who seeks to live solely by the support of others.     懒鬼，游手好闲的人一个懒惰或得过且过的人，尤指靠别人施舍过生活的人
A shifty, dishonest person; a trickster.     骗子惯耍花招的、不诚实的人；骗子
Twenty shillings were equal to one pound before 1971.     1971年前，二十先令等于一英镑。
The hot pavement sent up shimmers.     晒热的道路浮起热气晃动的景象。
I got kicked on the shin.     我的胫骨被踢了一脚。
example sentence not found
The curtain was suddenly drawn and a bright light shone in.     突然窗帘拉了开来，一道强光照了进来。
I prefer a sandy beach to a shingle one.     我喜欢沙滩，不喜欢遍布小石子的海滩.
The kitchen's stone floor was shining with moisture.     厨房的石板地受了潮闪闪发亮。
He puts grease on his hair to make it shiny.     他给头发擦上发油使它发亮。
The oil company will ship out piping and heavy equipment.     这家石油公司将用船运出输油管道和重型设备。
The government is trying to attract more investment into the shipbuilding industry.     政府正在试图吸引更多资金投资到造船业方面来。
The merchant had received a shipment of tea.     这个商人收到了一船茶叶。
We agree to postpone the shipping date, considering (that) there is no steamer recently.     由于（考虑到）最近无船，我们同意推迟装期。
The large room where the boys slept was all shipshape and Bristol fashion for the visitors inspection. It was tidier than I had ever seen it before.     为了让访问者参观，男孩子们的大寝室弄得很整齐。它要比我们以前看到的更加整齐。
The shipwrecked sailors were rescued by helicopter.     遭遇海难的水手已经被直升机救起。
example sentence not found
A new-type ocean-going freighter is being laid down at that shipyard.     一艘新型的远洋货轮正在那家船厂建造。
The tory party is very strong in the shire.     保守党在农村各郡势力很强。
You're supposed to tidy up, so stop shirking and do it!     要你来整理就别躲著了, 干吧!
Shirley will try out for the lead in the play.     雪莉将参加该剧主角的选拔演出。
My husband has several shirts of different colors.     我丈夫有好几件颜色不同的衬衫。
example sentence not found
That little shit stole my money.     那个小混蛋把我的钱偷走了.
The child shivered from the cold.     这孩子冷得发抖。
I feel shivery and I have gotten a sore throat.     我觉得怕冷发抖，而且喉咙疼痛。
Shoals of tourists come here in the summer.     这里夏季常有大批游客。
Anyone touching that wire could get badly shocked.     任何人碰到那根电线都会遭到严重的电击。
His behavior was, in a word, shocking.     总之，他的行为是令人震惊的。
Causing shock or horror; gruesome.     可怕的导致惊吓或恐惧的；可憎的
Our new washing-machine keeps breaking down it's entirely due to shoddy workmanship.     我们的新洗衣机老出毛病－－完全是因为做的质量太差。
The shoes are a perfect fit.     这双鞋子穿着非常合脚。
example sentence not found
Adam Smith is a famous shoemaker in town.     亚当・史密斯是镇上有名的鞋匠。
The shoes are a perfect fit.     这双鞋子穿着非常合脚。
He started his business on a shoestring. It took a lot of hard work and clever planning to build up it up to where it is today.     他的公司是小本经营开办起来的，经过不少的艰苦劳动和苦心规划，才发展到今天这个样子。
The moonlight shone on the calm sea.     月光映在平静的海面上。
He shook his head in disapproval.     他摇了摇头表示反对。
He invited us to his country estate for a weekend shoot.     他邀请我们到他乡下的庄园去过一次打猎的周末。
A large playing marble, often used as the shooter.     大弹子经常用来击打其它弹子的大理石弹子
This is just a toy gun: it doesn't shoot.     这只是玩具枪, 不能发射子弹.
example sentence not found
Do you wish when you see a shooting star?     你看见流星时提出愿望吗？
New buildings sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.     新的建筑物如雨后春笋般大批出现。
The local dress shop is having a sale.     附近的时装店正在大拍卖。
For the old lady buying the daily newspaper soon became an end in itself, since she really just wanted to chat with the shopkeeper.     那老太太每天去买报纸, 不多时便觉乐在其中, 因为她主要是想和店主聊天.
I accept that he was caught shoplifting but there's no need to keep rubbing his nose in it.     我承认他在冒充顾客进商店行窃时被抓住过，但也没必要老是提起他的过失行为。
example sentence not found
An indiscriminate shopper; indiscriminate taste in music.     无选择的购物者；在音乐上无特殊品味的
I went out on a shopping spree.     我出去疯狂地购物。
The land is destined for a new shopping center.     这块地已被划作为营建一个新购物中心之用。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We found many beautiful shells on the shore.     我们在岸边找到了好多美丽的贝壳。
The room looked bare, shorn of its rich furnishings.     这个房间除去了豪华的家具以後, 看上去光秃秃的.
The driver stopped short when the children ran into the street.     小孩跑进街道时，司机猛然煞车。
The lights short-circuited when I joined up the wires.     我一接上电线，电灯就短路了。
This is a short story whose easy style I love very much.     这是一则短篇小说，我很喜欢它那简单的笔调。
The war was lost because of a shortage of munitions.     战争因军火不足而失败。
example sentence not found
No matter who point out our shortcoming, we will correct them.     不管谁指出我们的缺点，我们都改正。
example sentence not found
She shortened the shirt by an inch.     她把衬衫截短了一英寸。
An abnormal, often permanent shortening, as of muscle or scar tissue, that results in distortion or deformity, especially of a joint of the body.     挛缩一种异常且常为永久性的缩短，如肌肉或瘢痕组织，会导致扭曲或变形，特别是身体关节处
example sentence not found
You know how I loathe typing and shorthand.     你知道我多么讨厌打字和速记。
example sentence not found
The movie was over shortly before six.     电影在六点钟不到就结束了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This pair of pant was converted into shorts.     这条裤子被改成了短裤。
He was too shortsighted to focus on the object.     他由於近视过深而无法把视力焦点对准在该物体上。
example sentence not found
I heard a shot in his room.     我听到他的房间内一声枪响。
example sentence not found
A shotgun leans against the table.     桌子跟前靠着一支猎枪。
I knew if I kept at it I should succeed.     我知道如果我坚持下去就会成功。
The soldiers shouldered their kit and moved on.     士兵们背起行装，继续前进。
Her wavy hair fell in loose wisps and loops upon her shoulders.     她那一头波浪般的长发一簇簇一圈圈地散垂在肩上。
example sentence not found
His news was greeted with shouts of joy.     大家都对他的消息报以欢呼。
He started shoving clothes into drawers.     他开始把衣服乱塞在抽屉里。
He put a shovel of coal on to the fire.     他往火炉里加了一铲煤。
He put a shovelful of snow in Kate's bed as a practical joke.     他把一铲雪放在凯特的床上，以此来开玩笑。
One evening the school showed a cowboy film.     有天晚上学校放映了一部西部片。
For this old trouper there is still no business like show business.     对这位老剧团演员来说仍然是娱乐性行业最好。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Dates showered down when we shook the tree.     我们摇树时，枣子纷纷落下。
Possessing or showing knowledge or intelligence; perceptive and well-informed.     有见识的，知识渊博的掌握或显示出知识或智力的；有洞察力的而且见识广的
example sentence not found
In his youth, he had shown great promise.     他在青少年时代就显得很有出息。
example sentence not found
Police restored the stolen jewels to the showroom.     警方将被盗的珠宝交还给了陈列室.
A bauble is a showy ornament of little value.     廉价珠宝是华而不实的装饰品。
As he moved threateningly forward she shrank (back) from him.     他步步逼近, 把她吓得直（向後）退缩.
I was shredding top-secret documents at that time.     我当时正把机密文件切碎。
example sentence not found
People called her shrew.     人们叫她泼妇。
He is a shrewd and sometimes ruthless adversary.     他是个精明的、有时候冷酷无情的对手。
My sister gave a shriek of delight.     我妹妹高兴地尖叫起来。
Shrill protests about the new taxes filled the air.     广播中充斥着对新税法的尖锐抗议。
The monkeys cry (out) shrilly when they see danger.     猴子遇到危险时尖声大叫.
Jumbo shrimp; a jumbo jet.     大虾；巨型喷气式飞机
Florence is the shrine of the Renaissance.     佛罗伦萨是文艺复兴的圣地。
He had a tendency to shrink up whenever attention was focused on him.     当别人注意他时，他就会退缩一旁。
Shrinkage or contraction of the protoplasm away from the wall of a living plant or bacterial cell, caused by loss of water through osmosis.     胞质皱缩通过渗透作用由于缺水引起的活植细胞或细菌的细胞质的皱缩或收缩，并与细胞壁分离
The economy is shrinking instead of growing.     经济正在萎缩而不是在增长中。
The leaves shriveled up in the sun.     叶子在阳光下都蔫了。
The doctor wanted us to use the sheet for a shroud.     医生想让我们用床单当裹尸布。
The naughty boy hid the books in the shrub.     这个淘气的孩子把书藏在了灌木丛里。
A secluded mansion, islanded by shrubbery and fences.     用灌木丛和篱笆隔开的一座幽独的大宅
She gave a shrug and walked away.     她耸了耸肩就离开了。
example sentence not found
He must shuck off the bad habits.     他应该改掉过去的坏习惯。
She shuddered at the sight of the dead body.     她一看到死尸就战栗起来。
Who is going to shuffle?     该谁洗牌了？
This recluse shunned all company.     这位隐士不与任何人来往。
She tried to shunt the blame onto Miss Williams.     她试图把责任推至威廉姆斯小姐身上。
He shut himself away for a month to catch up on his academic work.     他与世隔绝一个月，力图把功课赶上去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He adjusted the shutter before taking a photo.     在照相前，他调整了快门。
We shuttled the passengers to the city center by helicopter.     我们来来回回地用直升机把旅客运送到市中心。
example sentence not found
He was too shy to talk to anyone at the party.     在晚会上他很腼腆，没有和任何人讲话。
Jacob was at his best in the role of Shylock; he did not merely act; he lived the part.     雅各布最擅长扮演夏洛克这个角色，他不仅是在演戏，而是把角色演活了。
She glanced shyly at him and then lowered her eyes.     她羞怯地偷看了他一下, 随即垂下眼帘.
She can't get over her shyness.     她克服不掉羞怯感.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The natural or surgical union of anatomical parts of two organisms, usually involving exchange of blood, as in the development of Siamese twins or in certain transplant operations.     联体，并体天生的或手术施行的通常进行血液交换的两器官的联合，比如在连体婴的发育或某种嫁接手术中
Cold, dry winds from Siberia prevail over the mainland from December to February.     从12月到2月，西伯利亚来的干燥冷风控制大陆。
For long stretch of the try- siberian railway, all you see are trees.     横跨西伯利亚的铁路沿线的景色是一望无际的树林。
example sentence not found
I have two brothers and a sister: three siblings in all.     我有两个哥哥和一个妹妹: 共有三个兄妹.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A peninsula of northeast Tunisia extending into the Mediterranean Sea across from Sicily.     波恩角突尼斯东北部延伸入地中海的一个半岛，在西西里岛对面
Your uncle is very sick.     你的叔叔病得很厉害。
He has been on sick leave for some weeks, and so he has to work hard to catch us all up.     他因为请了几个星期的病假，因此不得不加紧工作来赶上我们大家。
example sentence not found
The dog began to sicken and soon died.     这只狗开始生病并且很快就死了。
The car hit the child with a sickening thud.     汽车把那个孩子撞了, 发出一声可怕的闷响.
There is a picture of the sickle on the flag.     旗帜上有镰刀的图案。
His face was a sickly yellow.     他的脸色是一种病态的黄。
Chicken pox is a common childhood sickness.     水痘是一种常见的儿童期疾病。
A square has four sides but a circle has no sides.     正方形有四条边，而圆形没有边。
Physical and chemical tests verify that this Recovery Device has neither radioactive pollution nor toxic side effects.     经理化检验证实：使用该器无放射性污染，对人体绝对无毒无副作用。
She put some plates in the sideboard.     她往餐具柜里放了些盘子。
I was on the sidelines during the political crisis.     在这一政治危机时期我是目睹一切的局外人。
example sentence not found
A box has a top, a bottom and four sides.     盒子有顶面、 底面和四个侧面.
The area of a fair, a carnival, a circus, or an exposition where sideshows and other amusements are located.     娱乐场，游乐场在商品交易会、狂欢节、马戏团或展览会所在地提供杂耍表演和其它娱乐活动的地方
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I happened to meet him on the sidewalk.     我碰巧在人行道上碰到他。
You dirty bastard,  his friend said, and tried to kick me in the groin. More by good luck than good management I turned sideways.     你这个杂种，他的朋友一边骂一边用脚踢我的下身。我事先并未料到，但却很幸运地躲开了。
example sentence not found
The army has laid siege to the city several months.     部队包围了这城市好几个月。
example sentence not found
The malaria-carrying mosquito is honoured in Sierra Leone today for making the country thewhite man's grave in the past and preventing Europeans settling there.     塞拉利昂的疟蚊，由于它过去曾使这个国家成为“白人的坟墓”，使欧洲人无法在此定居，如今受到了人们的赞誉。
example sentence not found
She is sieving the rice in order to sieve out the stones.     她正在把米过筛，好把石头筛出。
example sentence not found
Sift the flour before making the cake.     做蛋糕前先把面粉筛一下。
example sentence not found
She looked out of the window, sighing for her lost youth.     她看着窗外，为她失去的青春而惋惜。
She sighs deeply for no conspicuous reason, yearns, suffers and looks in the air extremely sadly. This is soul.     她没有明显的理由而却深深叹息、渴望、烦闷、极端悲伤地望着天空。这就是灵魂。
The train is still in sight.     火车仍在视线内。
Enclosed is a sight draft for￡26.10.5 on Messrs. Robert& Sons, which clears off our indebtedness to you.     兹同函奉上以Robert父子公司为付款人，面额26。15英镑的即期汇票一张，用以清偿所欠贵方债务。
They reported sighting the plane.     他们宣称看见了那架飞机.
Come and see the sights of London.     来看看伦敦的名胜.
example sentence not found
They embarked on an orgy of sightseeing.     他们开始尽情地观光游览。
Dark clouds are a sign of rain or snow.     乌云是雨或雪将至的预兆。
The speech was interpreted in sign language for the hearing-impaired.     这次讲话因那些听力受损者而译成了手语
A red lamp is often a danger signal.     红灯常常是危险的信号。
example sentence not found
They forged their manager's signature on the cheque.     他们在支票上伪造了经理的签名。
At thirty, he signed on as first mate with a cargo ship.     他30岁时受雇于一艘货船当了大副。
example sentence not found
Could you explain to me the significance of this part of the contract?     你能给我解释一下合同这一部分的含义吗？
Their change of plan is strange but I don't think it's significant.     很奇怪他们改变了计划，但我觉得没有什么用处。
The police released him but, significantly, they didn't give him back his passport.     警方释放了他，但是没有把护照还给他，这是有特殊用意的。
It doesn't signify, so you needn't worry about it.     这无所谓, 你不必担心.
Make sure you read all the small print before signing.     一定要先看清小号字体印刷部分再签字.
Shylock [To Antonio] Rest you fair, good signor; Your worship was the last man in our mouths.     夏洛克：［向安冬尼奥］您好，好先生：是哪一阵好风把尊驾吹了来啦？
Is the road well signposted?     这条路的路标清楚吗？
The enemy's guns were silenced by repeated bombings.     敌人的炮火因遭到轮番轰炸而沉寂了。
If you are arrested you have the right to remain silent.     如果你被捕，你有权保持沉默。
Silently we approached the enemy's camp.     我们静悄悄地逼近敌人的营地。
The outline, form, or silhouette of a thing.     外形，轮廓某物的外廓、外形或轮廓
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The entire content of a book will be located on a single silicon chip.     整本书的内容只用一片硅芯片就可以装下。
She is wearing a silk scarf.     她佩戴着一条丝绸围巾。
She put on her silken gown before going to bed.     睡觉前，她穿上丝质的睡衣。
Silkworms spin cocoons.     蚕作茧。
A silky fiber obtained from the fruit of the silk-cotton tree and used for insulation and as padding in pillows, mattresses, and life preservers.     木棉一种绢状纤维，从木棉树的果实中提取出来，用作隔音材料，也可用作枕头，褥垫和救生用具中的垫料
Solidifying chiefly as a minor intrusion, especially as a dike or sill, before reaching the earth's surface. Used of rocks.     半深成的，浅成的在到达地球表面之前的主要作为小型岩石群固化的，尤其象岩脉或岩床的凝固用于指岩石
Stop asking silly questions!     别总是问傻问题！
The harbor is being up with silt.     那海港被淤泥阻塞了。
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.     她生来富贵。
example sentence not found
They had much silverware at that time.     那时他们拥有很多银器。
The girl has a silvery voice.     这个女孩的声音象银铃一样清亮悦耳。
example sentence not found
We have similar opinions.     我们的看法相同。
The similarity between them has often been remarked on.     他们之间很相似, 这是常有人提到的事.
We are similarly dressed.     我们的穿着差不多。
Her style is rich in simile.     她的文体中用很多比喻。
He likes to talk in similitude.     他喜欢在说话中用比喻。
Things have simmered down since the riots last week.     自上周骚动以来, 事态已平静下来了.
Simon is doing very well at school.     西蒙的学习成绩很好.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I like my clothes to be simple but elegant.     我喜欢朴素但漂亮雅致的衣服。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The simplicity of the book makes it suitable for children.     这本书简单易懂，适合儿童。
What she said was a useful simplification of the theory.     她把这一理论讲得深入浅出.
She simplified the instructions so that the children could understand them.     她简化了指令以便于儿童理解。
example sentence not found
She simplified the instructions so that the children could understand them.     她简化了指令以便于儿童理解。
example sentence not found
I bought the house simply because it was large.     我购买了这房子，只是因为它面积大。
An apparatus in which human beings or animals are enclosed and which is revolved to simulate the effects of acceleration in a spacecraft.     航天试验离心机人和动物在其里面并旋转以模仿宇宙飞行器的加速作用的一种仪器
In such a simulated environment, one would have an immersed sense.     人在这个仿真的环境中，有一种“身临其境”的感觉。
Computer simulation of an in-flight emergency.     计算机模拟飞行途中的紧急情况
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The simultaneous demonstrations are held in London and New York.     在伦敦和纽约同时举行示威游行。
Gordon played ten people simultaneously at the chess club last week and really showed his pace-he lost only one game.     上星期戈登在国际象棋俱乐部同时和１０个人对奕，那次他真正显示了自己的才华――他只输了一盘。
We've sinned against you, and against our fellow men.     我们得罪了你，也得罪了我们的邻人。
Since you can't answer the question, perhaps we'd better ask someone else.     既然你无法回答这个问题，我们最好再问问别人。
Please give my sincere regards to all the members of your family.     请向你全家转达我真挚的问候。
I sincerely hope that he can accept the criticism of others.     我真诚地希望他能接受别人的批评。
I may say in all sincerity that you have been my most loyal friend.     我可以非常真诚地说，你一直是我最忠实的朋友。
Patience is a sine qua non for a good teacher.     做个优秀教师必不可少的条件是要有耐心.
example sentence not found
The athletes waited, with all their sinews tensed.     运动员都在等待著, 全身肌肉十分紧张.
The man has sinewy muscles.     那男子有着强壮有力的肌肉。
His father scolded him for his sinful waste of time.     他的父亲责备他极不应该浪费时间。
Birds sing loudest in the early morning.     鸟儿在清晨高声歌唱。
The volatile political situation in Singapore upset the people.     动荡不定的新加坡政局使人民感到不安。
The iron's too hot, you'll singe the dress.     熨斗太热了, 你会把衣服烫焦的.
The singer refused to sing in the sitting-room.     这位歌唱家拒绝在起居室里演唱。
I enjoy singing, much more listening to music.     我喜欢唱歌，更不用说听音乐了。
The letter was written on a single sheet of paper.     这封信只用一张纸写成。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The nounmouse is singular; it is the singular form ofmice.     名词“mouse”是单数，它是“mice”的单数形式。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He showed his sinister motive at last.     他终于露出了他那邪恶的用心。
The dirty dishes are in the sink.     那些脏盘子在洗涤槽内。
What I said was untrue but he fell for it/swallowed it(ie believed it) hook, line and sinker.     我所说的并非实话, 他却完全信以为真.
example sentence not found
One who is guilty of a trespass or sin; a sinner.     罪人犯有过失和罪过的人；罪人
A sinuous path, line, or marking.     弯弯曲曲的道路、线条或记号
Bees sip honey from flowers and hum their thanks when they leave.     蜜蜂从花中啜蜜，离开时营营地道谢。
She siphoned off profits from the business into her account.     她把企业的赢利转到了自己的帐户上。
Thank you, sir.     谢谢您，先生。
A sire should be respected.     父辈应当被尊重。
An ambulance was racing along with its sirens wailing.     救护车响着警报急驰而过。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Joan and Lily are sisters.     琼和丽丽是姐妹。
example sentence not found
He sat at his desk working.     他坐在桌子旁边工作。
This sitcom is produced in cooperation with Hong Kong TV.     这部连续剧是同香港电视台联合制作的。
Is it safe to site the power station here?     在这建造发电厂安全吗？
example sentence not found
The purse in her handbag was a sitter for any thief.     她手提袋里的钱包小偷很容易偷走.
Sitting out here, you really can feel the power of the sun.     坐在这里，你可以感到太阳的力量。
A part of the sitting room was curtained off.     起居室的一部分被帘子隔开了。
The village is situated in a valley.     那个村子在山谷里.
The school is situated just outside the town.     学校就位于镇子的外面。
What a precarious situation we were in when the avalanche started!     雪崩发生的时候我们的处境多么危险啊！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The child will be six.     那孩子将满六岁了。
The book costs sixpence.     这本书价值六便士.
She's sixteen, going on seventeen.     她十六岁，快十七岁了。
My new house is on the sixteenth floor.     我的新家在第十六层。
My new house is on the sixth floor.     我的新房子在六楼。
example sentence not found
My father is sixty years old.     我父亲六十岁了。
Jack was hanging on to those shares-- he thought they'd show a sizable gain shortly.     杰克留着那些股票不脱售，他认为那些不久就会给他带来相当大的赚头。
The company doubled its size in nine years.     9年来这家公司的规模扩大了一倍。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Whew! What a sizzler!     唷! 多热的天哪!
My brother skates well.     我弟弟滑冰滑得好。
Skateboards are the latest craze.     滑板运动是目前最时兴的玩意儿.
The figure skater glided gracefully over the ice.     花样滑冰者在冰上优雅地滑行。
I can move very fast across the ice on skates.     我穿着冰鞋在冰上滑得很快。
The boy is crazy about skating.     那孩子溜冰着了迷。
She passed me a skein of wool.     她递给我一绞毛线。
A systematic long-term change of this kind suggests the action of natural selection and indicates that female skeletal characteristics confer greater fitness. But is this the whole story.     这种长期的系统变化说明自然选择的作用，并表明女性骨骼的特性较大的适应性。但是，情况完全是这样的吗？
I've written the skeleton of my report, but I have to fill in the details.     我已写出报告的梗概，但我必须补充细节。
example sentence not found
The leader had the gift of being able to infuse enthusiasm into the most skeptical member of the group.     那位领导人很有天赋，能使团体中最持怀疑态度的人都充满热情。
A habitual attitude of skepticism or resistance to the suggestions, orders, or instructions of others.     否定态度，怀疑主义对别人的建议，命令或指导持习惯性的怀疑态度或反对意见
Sketch out what you intend to do.     把你要做的事概括地叙述一下。
example sentence not found
Your essay gives a rather sketchy treatment of the problem.     你的文章只粗略地涉及到这个问题.
The picture is a bit skew.     这幅画有点歪.
He skewered his foot on a nail.     他的脚踩在钉子上了.
They often go skiing in December.     他们经常在十二月份去滑雪。
example sentence not found
Even as he shouted the warning the car skidded.     就在他高喊注意的时候，汽车滑动了。
example sentence not found
They often go skiing in December.     他们经常在十二月份去滑雪。
A skilful ball from Snow put out the opposing team's prize hope in the first five minutes.     斯诺队的一个巧妙的球使对方队在前五分钟就失去了夺魁的希望。
It takes skill to tune a piano.     为钢琴调音需要专门技能。
I am skilled in operating a computer.     我能够熟练操作计算机。
Rub up the skillet please.     请把长柄锅擦亮。
He is a skillful teacher.     他擅长教学。
John weaving his way skillfully through the crowds, was one of the few who managed to get a good view of the President.     约翰巧妙地七弯八拐地穿过人群，是为数不多的几位能清楚地看见总统的人之一。
example sentence not found
It took me an hour to skim the book.     我花了一小时把这本书浏览了一遍。
example sentence not found
It took me an hour to skim the book.     我花了一小时把这本书浏览了一遍。
They have to skimp on fuel in winter.     冬天他们得节省燃料.
example sentence not found
He skinned his knee when he fell.     他摔跤时把膝盖擦破了。
His political commitment is only skin-deep.     他政治上的承诺只是表面文章。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
You're skinny enough without going on a diet!     你不必节食就已经够瘦的了!
Children are fond of skipping.     孩子们喜欢跳绳。
The skipper knows where every storm is.     船长知道每一个风暴在什么地方。
Children are fond of skipping.     孩子们喜欢跳绳。
This area is peaceful except for a few skirmishes in the distance.     除了远处的零星的小冲突之外，这个地区是和平的。
How many skirts do you have?     你有多少条裙子？
A short, comic vaudeville skit that ends with lights off.     熄灯结束以灯光熄灭而结束的一场滑稽杂耍短剧
She gets very skittish when her boy-friend is around.     她男朋友在场时, 她就显得格外轻佻.
She always skives off early.     她总是在干活儿时早早溜走.
example sentence not found
I don't want reporters skulking around my house.     我不愿看到记者在我家周围偷偷摸摸地走动。
The victim's skull had been stove in by a heavy instrument.     遇害者的头颅是用重物击穿的.
Did she also take the skunk to her bosom?     她把臭鼬也抱在怀里吗？
The sky turned dark as the storm came near.     暴风雨来临时，天空转暗。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The Empire State Building is a famous landmark on the New York skyline.     帝国大厦是纽约高楼大厦中著名的地面标志物.
Prices skyrocketed.     物价飞涨。
The skyscraper was wrapped in fog.     摩天大楼笼罩在云雾之中。
The top of the table was formed by a stone slab.     桌面是一块石板。
Winter is the slack season at most hotels.     冬天是大多数旅馆的淡季。
Please slacken the tent rope before it rains.     下雨前，请将帐篷的绳索放松。
He's a slacker, he actually skipped off and left us to do the clearing away.     他是个懒鬼，他居然悄悄地溜走而把清除工作留给我们来做。
Some come off in the form of gases, others collect as slag.     有的化成气体跑掉了，有的结成了熔渣。
Two visitors were brutally slain yesterday.     昨天有两名游客惨遭杀害。
Hasn't NATO slaked his lust for blood?     难道北约还没有满足他的血腥的欲望吗？
example sentence not found
He slammed the papers down on my desk and angrily walked out.     他把文件使劲扔在我的桌子上便怒气冲冲地走了出去。
Her company is suing her for slander because of her remarks about their safety record.     由于她发表了关于公司安全记录的言论，该公司正以诽谤罪起诉她。
A plaintiff's interpretation in a libel suit of allegedly libelous or slanderous material.     对被告诽谤言辞的解释在诽谤案件中，原告对所称的诽谤的或谣言的材料的解释
Grass is a criminal slang for informer.     grass 是罪犯用的俚语，意思是“告密的人”。
Most handwriting slants to the right.     大多数手写体都向右斜。
He slapped me on the back on my way home.     在我回家的路上，他在我背上拍了一下。
example sentence not found
A light dramatic work in which highly improbable plot situations, exaggerated characters, and often slapstick elements are used for humorous effect.     轻喜剧一种轻松的戏剧形式，其中极为荒谬可笑的情节背景，夸张的角色和一些闹剧的成分以表现幽默的效果
He is slashing wildly at his opponent with a sword.     他正用剑疯狂地朝对手乱砍。
The oil paintings are backed up with slats.     这些油画是用细木条做背衬的。
I've no change, could you put these eggs on the slate?     我没零钱，能把这些蛋钱记在帐上吗？
example sentence not found
Millions of cattle are slaughtered every day.     每天有数百万头牛被屠杀。
He treats his wife like a slave.     他把妻子当作奴隶看待。
The book only touches on the causes of the war and does not do justice to the influence of the slave trade.     这本书只稍稍涉及了一下战争的原因，并没有公正评价奴隶贸易的影响。
The dealer was slavering over some precious stones.     那商人对一些宝石垂涎欲滴.
Abraham Lincoln abolished slavery in the United States.     亚伯拉罕・林肯在美国废除了奴隶制。
Your jokes slay me.     你的笑话笑死我了。
example sentence not found
The man attached a strong rope to his sled.     那人将一条结实的绳子系在他的雪撬上。
Kathy had hard sledding in her math course because she was poorly prepared.     凯西的数学很难进步，因为她的基础太差。
The sledge gained momentum as it ran down the hill.     雪橇从山上下冲时动量越来越大.
Printing business cards on a thirty-inch press is using a sledgehammer to crack a nut.     在30英寸印刷机上印刷名片简直是大材小用，得不偿失。
The lion's fur is sleek.     狮子的毛皮整洁而光亮。
I didn't sleep well last night.     昨晚我睡不安稳。
I am a bad sleeper.     我总睡不好。
example sentence not found
The baby was sleeping quietly in his crib.     婴儿在他的小床里静静地睡着。
A good sleeping bag is an essential part of every campers equipment.     一个完好的睡袋是每个露宿者必不可少的装备。
I need some sleeping pill.     我需要一些安眠药片。
Her irresponsible behaviour cost her father many sleepless nights.     她那不负责任的行为使她父亲许多夜不得安眠。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I'm too sleepy to watch the end of the show.     我太困倦了，不能把戏看完。
The rain turned to sleet.     雨变成了雨夹雪。
He rolled up his sleeves and got to work in the garden.     他卷起了袖子，在花园里干起活来。
My mother tacked the sleeves on before sewing them.     我妈妈在把袖子缝好之前，先用大针脚把它缝好。
My feet were cold as stone when I got out of the sleigh.     我从雪橇上下来时，两只脚冻得像石头一样。
Manual skill and dexterity in the execution of tricks; sleight of hand.     手法敏捷变戏法时手法的熟练和敏捷；戏法
All girls want to be slender.     所有女孩都希望苗条。
I would have preferred a bed, but beggars can't be choosers so I slept on the sofa.     我本想要张床, 但是叫花子不能挑肥拣瘦, 所以我就睡在沙发上了.
The car slewed round on the icy road.     车在结冰的路上打滑了。
He sliced his finger by accident when cutting vegetables.     他切菜时不小心割破了手指。
example sentence not found
The hurricane carried away the roof as slick as a whistle.     飓风把屋顶不费吹灰之力地刮掉了。
The book slid off my knee.     书从我膝上滑落。
The book slid off my knee.     书从我膝上滑落。
Select it to activate the slider bar on the right, then use the leave and right arrows to adjust the volume.     使用时先选择该项，激活右边的滑动条，然后用左箭头或右箭头来进行音量调整。
I haven't the slightest idea what you are talking about.     我一点也不明白你在说些什么。
My interest in music has languished slightly.     我对音乐的兴趣有点减退。
I'm trying to get slim.     我想要瘦一些。
There was a coating of slime on the unwashed sink.     未刷洗的水槽上有一层污垢.
He slipped on the slimy steps.     他在泥泞的台阶上摔倒了。
A basket, an enclosure, or an instrument sling suspended from and carried aloft by a balloon.     气球吊篮悬在空中吊在气球下的篮子，封闭舱或仪器舱
example sentence not found
The thief slunk down the dark alley.     那个贼偷偷钻进黑胡同里.
The soap slipped out of my hand.     肥皂从我手上滑落了。
She has pretty dancing slippers and comfortable bedroom slippers.     她有漂亮的舞鞋和舒适的卧室拖鞋。
Wheels won't bite on a slippery surface.     车轮打滑.
example sentence not found
She slit cloth into strips.     她把布撕成细条。
example sentence not found
The glass slivered when it fell.     玻璃杯掉在地上摔碎了.
Get out of bed, you idle slob!     快起来, 你这懒虫!
Baby has slobbered his bib.     婴儿已经把围兜弄湿了。
Slog away at your studies.     不断地努力学习。
The advertising slogan was a play on words.     那条广告口号是双关语.
An enemy frigate bore down on the sloop.     一艘敌驱逐舰向这只护航舰逼过来。
The tea slopped (over) into the saucer.     茶溢出流到茶托里了.
The floor slopes badly here.     地板在这里倾斜得很厉害。
An upper section, often with a sloping floor, projecting from the rear or side walls of a theater or an auditorium to provide additional seating.     边座，楼座剧院或大礼堂中为了增加座席，而从后面或侧墙突出的具有倾斜地板的上面部分
example sentence not found
It's sloppy job you're doing.     你这活干得太稀松了。
My friend put me in a white-collar slot.     我朋友使我从事一份白领工作。
Sloths live in trees and move very slowly.     树獭生活在树上而且行动缓慢。
example sentence not found
He put a coin into the insertion slot.     他往投币孔投入一枚硬币。
She's no slouch at tennis.     她网球打得不赖.
Every spring this snake sloughs off its skin, as it has grown too big for it.     每年春天这条蛇都要蜕去旧皮，因为它身体长大，旧皮不适用了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My watch is five minutes slow.     我的表慢五分钟。
Parts of the film were shown again in slow motion.     影片的一些部分以慢动作重放。
A reduction in pace, force, or intensity; a slowdown.     减慢，放松速度、力量或强度减弱；放慢
Could you speak slower?     你能说得慢一点吗？
Slowly but surely the great ship glided into the water.     那艘巨轮缓慢而平稳地下水了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My daughter screamed when she saw a slug.     我的女儿看见了一条鼻涕虫，尖叫了起来。
example sentence not found
There is a sluggish stream.     那有一条流速缓慢的溪流。
Water sluiced out of the hole.     水从洞口流出。
The bar in the slum is a den of iniquity.     这个贫民窟里的小酒吧是一个充满罪恶的场所。
The volcano had slumbered for years.     这火山已经很多年不活动了。
example sentence not found
The slump hit his business hard.     物价暴跌使他的生意大受打击。
She slurred over the high cost of her plan.     她避而不提她这一计画费用之巨.
He was slurping (down) his soup.     他喝汤时嘴唇发出啧啧的声音.
Nixon used a slush fund to finance spy on the democrats.     尼克森用行贿基金支付监视民主党活动的款项。
He is a sly dog.     他是个狡猾的家伙。
The book hit the floor with a smack.     书啪的一声掉在地板上。
This coat is too small for me.     这件上衣对我来说太小了。
I dropped some small change into the collecting tin.     我把一些硬币投进募捐罐里了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Many people died from the smallpox epidemic.     很多人死于天花流行病。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is a smart boy.     他是一个聪明的男孩。
example sentence not found
We are determined to smash terrorism.     我们一定要消灭恐怖主义。
That'll do. Hold it. Will have one more… It looks smashing,  said the photographer.     行了，别动，我们再照一张……，这个样子太棒了，摄影师说。
example sentence not found
We smeared cream on our faces.     我们在脸上搽雪花膏。
These dogs have a marvelous sense of smell.     这些狗有非常敏锐的嗅觉。
Smelly feet are definitely a turn-off as far as I'm concerned.     脚要是有味可真恶心人, 这是我的看法.
The ore is smelted in this large factory.     这个大型工厂里熔炼矿石。
She smiled at me.     她向我微笑。
That's the nearest approach to a smile he ever makes.     那已算是他能做出的最近乎微笑的表示了。
example sentence not found
A guilty smirk; a guilty secret.     罪恶的假笑；罪恶的秘密
The thief's conscience smote him.     那个贼突然良心发现。
If you do not mind wait, Mr. Smith will be free in about twenty minutes' time.     如果您能等一下，史密斯先生20分钟后就有空了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I met Janet yesterday, and I'm rather smitten with her.     我昨天遇见了珍妮特, 一下子就爱上她了.
The man put on his smock and went out.     那人穿上罩衫，然后走了出去。
Smog hung in the sky (over the city).     （城市）上空烟雾弥漫.
Peter smokes several cigars everyday.     彼得每天抽好几支雪茄。
The farmers smoked ten rats out.     那个农民熏出来10只老鼠。
A cellulose nitrate used as a component of smokeless powder.     火纤维素硝酸纤维素，用于无烟的炸药的组成物质
Shall we sit in a smoker or a non-smoker?     我们坐吸烟车厢还是非吸烟车厢？
Smoking is not allowed here.     这里不许吸烟。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Her skin is as smooth as silk.     她的皮肤像丝绸一样光滑。
Don't trust him he's a real smoothie!     别相信他--他净顺情说好话!
Affairs are smoothing down.     事态正在缓和下来。
The rope ran out smoothly.     绳子顺顺当当地拉出来了。
The thief's conscience smote him.     那个贼突然良心发现。
If you put too much coal on the fire at once you'll smother it.     在火上一下子添上很多煤, 反而能把火闷死.
It took hours for the ruins to smoulder out.     废虚燃了几个小时才烧尽。
You'vegot a smudge of soot on your cheek.     你脸上有块煤灰污迹.
example sentence not found
They smuggled Swiss watches into China.     他们走私瑞士表进中国。
We caught the smuggler on the spot.     我们当场抓到那个走私犯。
If you are caught smuggling goods into the country, they will probably be confiscated.     假如查出你向该国走私货物，你的货物可能会被没收。
example sentence not found
We were in a hurry so we had to make do with a quick snack.     我们时间很紧, 只好胡乱吃了顿小吃.
A snack bar or small cafeteria, as on a military installation.     随军小卖部小吃店或小自助餐厅，如军事单位中的
I have a snag in my best black tights.     我最好的一条黑裤袜给划破了。
The boy does his work at a snail's pace.     小男孩慢吞吞地做作业。
I have a fear of snakes.     我害怕蛇。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Most pine snaps as it burns.     大多数松木燃烧时都发出断裂声。
example sentence not found
She was wearing a snappy little red number.     她身著一款时髦的红色连衣裙.
This snapshot hasn't printed very well.     这张快照印出来不太清楚.
He fell into a snare laid by his enemy.     他落入敌人设的圈套。
Traffic was badly snarled up near the accident.     车祸现场附近交通极为混乱。
Traffic was badly snarled up near the accident.     车祸现场附近交通极为混乱。
The hawk snatched the chicken and flew away.     老鹰抓住小鸡飞走了。
The boss set his mistress up in a snazzy love nest.     老板把情妇安排在一个华丽而俗气的爱之窝。
He sneaked a chocolate from the box.     他从盒子里偷拿了一块巧克力。
example sentence not found
He wore old jeans and a pair of sneakers.     他穿著旧牛仔裤和胶底运动鞋。
James loves sneaking up on his sister to frighten her.     詹姆斯喜欢溜到妹妹身後吓她一大跳。
He paid no attention to their sneers.     他对他们的嘲笑置之不理。
The dust made him sneeze.     灰尘使他打了个喷嚏。
Her husband started sneezing violently.God bless you!  she said automatically.     她的丈夫开始一个劲儿地打喷嚏。“大吉大利！”她脱口而出地说道。
example sentence not found
The dog was sniffing at the lamppost.     那条狗在灯柱旁嗅来嗅去。
Her shabby appearance drew sniggers from the guests.     她样子寒酸, 客人不禁暗自发笑.
He snipped off the corner of the milk carton.     他剪掉牛奶袋的边角。
The snipe has a very long thin beak.     鹬长着非常细长的鸟嘴。
The sniper snapped off six rapid shots.     狙击手迅速地连放了六枪。
He is not a snob and therein lay his downfall.     他不是个势利小人，而他失败的原因正在于此。
Is his distance a result of snobbery or shyness?     他态度冷淡是因为他势利眼呢，还是因为他腼腆？
Jane feels she can never compete with these snobbish, elegant people.     简・爱感到她永远无法同这些高雅却势利的人们竞争。
Our local pub has gone to the dogs since they put in the snooker tables and video jukeboxes.     我们当地的酒店自从把落袋撞球戏桌子和电视自动电唱机摆进来后就垮了。
The house perfects often snoop around our campus at night.     学生纠察队经常夜间在校园里巡逻。
Given to prying into the affairs of others; snoopy.     好管闲事的刺探别人事务的；爱探听的
example sentence not found
The woman said that she could not sleep without her husband's snore after 20 years of marriage.     那位妇人说结婚20年来，听不到她丈夫的呼噜声，她就睡不着觉。
example sentence not found
The horse snorted and stamped its hoof impatiently.     这匹马呼哧呼哧地喘着气，不耐烦地跺着蹄子。
The snout of the pig you drew on the picture is too long.     这幅画上你画的猪鼻子太长了。
It was snowing heavily.     天正在下大雪。
example sentence not found
The dad-blamed car got stuck in a snowdrift.     该死的汽车陷在雪堆里了。
Such a snowfall is few and for between in our province.     这样大的雪在我们省里是少有的。
Snowflakes are melting as they reached the ground.     雪花触地便融化了。
The Abominable Snowman who haunts the imagination of climbers in the Himalayas is hardly more elusive.     常使喜马拉雅山的攀登者浮想联翩的雪人也不比此更难以捉摸。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Because of the snowstorm, the churchgoer did not go to church.     因为暴风雪，经常去做礼拜的人没有去教堂。
He looks kind with snowy hair.     雪白的头发使他看上去很和善。
The second snub settled his hash.     第二次碰壁使他不敢再找麻烦了。
The leaves of this plant, dried and processed chiefly for use in cigarettes, cigars, or snuff or for smoking in pipes.     烟草叶这种植物的叶子，晒干后加工，主要用于制作香烟、雪茄、鼻烟或在烟斗中抽
The dog was snuffling around the roots of a tree.     那条狗在树根处嗅来嗅去.
The dog was snuffling around the roots of a tree.     那条狗在树根处嗅来嗅去.
He sat in a snug little room.     他坐在一个舒适的小房间里。
They snuggled up (together) in bed.     他们依偎著躺在床上.
He fitted the map snugly into the bag.     他把地图整齐地塞进包里。
It was snowing, and so I could not go out.     天在下雪，所以我无法外出。
So far as English is concerned, it is not so difficult as you might think.     就英文而言，它并不像你所认为的那样难。
So long!     再见！
You may eat anything, so long as you don't eat too much.     只要不吃得太多，你可以吃任何东西。
example sentence not found
She turned away in horror at the sight of so much blood.     看到这么多的血, 她害怕地将脸扭向了一边。
Are you in favour of soaking the rich?     你赞成向富人多徵税吗？
The rain had soaked through his coat.     雨把他的大衣淋透了.
Are you in favour of soaking the rich?     你赞成向富人多徵税吗？
He washed his hands with a toilet soap.     他用香皂洗手。
No soap opera fan can complain that the Senate Judiciary Committee hearings that usurped the network tales of sex and power could not deliver their daily emotional fix. It was an astounding day for television viewers, right up there with Watergate.     喜欢看肥皂剧的人不会抱怨参议院司法委员会听证会不能提供每天的感情刺激。在色情与权力故事方面它取代了电视台。对电视观众那是令人耳目一新的一天，可与水门事件媲美。
The dirty clothes are soaking in soapy water.     脏衣服都在肥皂水里泡著呢.
His imagination resemble the wing of an ostrich. it enabled him to run, though not to soar.     他的想象力有类于鸵鸟的翅膀―虽未可以飞翔，犹可使他奔驰。
Inflation has sent food costs soaring.     通货膨胀于食物价格飞涨。
The child's sobs gradually died down.     那孩子的啜泣声渐渐静了下来.
He sobered up quickly when he heard the terrible news.     他听到这个坏消息，马上就清醒过来了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
People love to play soccer.     人们喜欢踢足球。
Her sociable manner is really a mask for a very shy nature.     她那好交际的作风，实际上是她腼腆天性的伪装。
example sentence not found
Man is a social being.     人是社会性的动物。
Mrs Brown is known as a social climber.     布朗太太是有名的趋炎附势的人。
example sentence not found
Who is the founder of the scientific socialism?     谁是科学社会主义的奠基人？
We'll have a subject of socialist principles this term.     这个学期我们将学习社会主义原理。
Some of her views are rather socialistic.     她的观点颇有一些社会主义倾向.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The white people here don't mix socially with the natives.     这里的白种人不与土人交往.
Society has a right to expect people to obey the law.     社会有权要求人们守法。
A host of compelling socioeconomic problems.     许多令人不得不接受的社会经济问题
French social scientist and a founder of sociology who is known for his study of social values and alienation. His important works include The Rules of Sociological Method(1895).     涂尔干，埃米尔1858－1917法国社会科学家，是社会学的创始人之一，以其对社会价值与异化的研究著称，他的重要著作包括社会方式的规则（1895年）
Ms Lucy, as a professional sociologist and committed feminist, is, however, not surprised. Nor is she amused.     但是，作为一位职业社会学家和女权运动者，露西小姐并不觉得奇怪。她也不在乎。
French social scientist and a founder of sociology who is known for his study of social values and alienation. His important works include The Rules of Sociological Method(1895).     涂尔干，埃米尔1858－1917法国社会科学家，是社会学的创始人之一，以其对社会价值与异化的研究著称，他的重要著作包括社会方式的规则（1895年）
The speaker really socked it to them!     发言的人给他们个迎头痛击!
His eyes nearly jumped from their sockets in surprise.     他惊讶得眼珠子差一点跳出来。
She rolled the socks into a ball.     她把袜子卷成一团。
Many ancient Greeks were followers of Socrates.     许多古希腊人都是苏格拉底的追随者。
example sentence not found
You stupid sod!     你这个蠢蛋!
He ordered two lime sodas.     他要了两杯酸橙苏打汽水。
A soda fountain drink made by blending carbonated water with flavored syrup.     磷酸果汁汽水将碳化水和调味果汁混合而成的一种苏打冷饮饮料
example sentence not found
My shoes are sodden from walking in the rain.     我在雨里这么一跑，鞋都湿了。
Sodium and water react (together).     钠和水能起反应.
The old man is dropping away in the sofa.     这位老人在沙发上打起瞌睡来。
It's very comfortable to step on the soft ground in the spring.     春天的时候，踩在松软的地面上非常舒服。
I'd prefer a soft drink.     我喜欢喝软饮料.
I like to play softball.     我喜欢玩垒球。
He was softened into tears.     他被感动得流下了眼泪。
example sentence not found
A passage to be played softly or quietly.     轻声演奏的乐段要轻轻或静静地演奏的段落
The softness of his reply calmed her down.     他温和的回答使她冷静下来。
Don't try to soft-soap me; I'm not changing my mind.     别给我灌米汤了, 反正我不改主意.
There are many sorts of software in my computer.     我的计算机里有很多软件。
If you boil the vegetables too long, they'll go soggy.     要是你把蔬菜煮得太久，菜就糊了。
She makes her living from the soil.     她以务农为生。
He sojourned with a friend in Wales for two weeks.     他在威尔士一个朋友那儿住了两个星期.
The sojourner has been in Wales for two weeks.     那个寄居者在威尔士已经逗留了两个星期。
I found solace from troubles in listening to music.     我听音乐，以便在烦恼时得到安慰。
We can use solar energy to do many things today.     如今，我们可以利用太阳能做很多事情。
The planets of our solar system are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.     我们太阳系的行星有水星、金星、地球、火星、木星、土星、天王星、海王星。
The record was a big hit and sold a million copies.     这张唱片非常成功，卖了一百万张。
He soldered the wire back on.     他把金属丝重新焊上去了。
The trade of the soldier is war.     士兵的职业是打仗。
The sole survivor of the crash was a little boy.     这次撞车事故的唯一幸存者是一个小男孩。
example sentence not found
He was actuated solely by greed.     他完全是受了贪欲的驱使.
He looked at her with a solemn expression.     他表情严肃地望着她。
The judge took up the gavel with solemnity.     法官严肃地拿起了小木槌。
As God is my witness (ie I solemnly swear), that's the truth!     上帝为我作证, 一切属实!
example sentence not found
She was fined for soliciting.     她因拉客而被罚款.
I accepted the gifts at her solicitation.     在她的恳求之下，我接受了礼物。
The solicitor is preparing a case in the court tomorrow.     这位律师正在为明天法庭审理的案件做准备。
She is so solicitous and persistent that she virtually kills you with kindness.     她非常关心而固执，以致她的善意实际上反而使人感到尴尬。
Her letter showed deep solicitude for your welfare.     她的来信表示对您的安康甚为挂念。
Water becomes solid when it freezes.     水结冰时便变成固体。
example sentence not found
Solidifying chiefly as a minor intrusion, especially as a dike or sill, before reaching the earth's surface. Used of rocks.     半深成的，浅成的在到达地球表面之前的主要作为小型岩石群固化的，尤其象岩脉或岩床的凝固用于指岩石
We are solidly united on this issue.     我们在这个问题上是团结一致的.
example sentence not found
The lonely old lady filled up the time between supper and retiring with solitaire.     那孤独的老妇人晚饭后至睡觉前以玩单人纸牌消磨时间。
A solitary rider was seen in the distance.     远处有个孤零零的骑马的人。
I am not fond of solitude.     我不喜欢孤独。
The piano solo was well rendered.     那支钢琴独奏曲弹得真好。
The tenor soloist is unable to appear tonight because of illness.     男高音独唱者因病今晚不能演出.
The court of King Solomon was noted for its splendor.     所罗门国王的宫廷以其华丽著称。
example sentence not found
The summer solstice, about June21.     夏至夏季的至点，大约为6月21日
This kind of tablet is soluble in water.     这种药片能溶于水。
What color is copper sulfate solution?     硫酸铜溶液是什么颜色？
example sentence not found
I can't solve the problem.     我解答不了这个难题。
Fears about the solvency of the banks precipitated the great economic crash.     对银行偿付能力出现恐慌更加速了经济的崩溃。
The hypothetical universal solvent once sought by alchemists.     万能溶剂炼金术士曾一度寻求的假想的万能溶剂
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She looked up staring at the somber December sky.     她抬起头来，凝望着十二月份阴沉沉的天空。
She looked up staring at the sombre December sky.     她抬起头来，凝望着十二月份阴沉沉的天空。
Some man at the door is asking to see you.     门口有个男人要求见你。
He thinks himself to be somebody, while actually he is nobody.     他自以为是个人物，其实他算不了什么。
I never realized that someday I would be living in New York.     我从来没有想到有一天我居然会住在纽约。
I always know I'd get the job, somehow.     也不知为什么，我总觉得能得到那份工作。
Someone has to lock up the house.     总要有人把房子锁起来。
A gymnast on the trampoline was turning (ie performing) somersaults.     有个体操运动员正在蹦床上做空翻.
I think I dropped something.     我想我掉了东西。
He is my sometime boss.     他是我从前的上司。
Sometimes the patient cried for the pain.     有时这个病人疼得哭起来。
The price was somewhat higher than I'd expected.     这价格比我预料的稍高一些。
He lives somewhere in the neighborhood.     他住在附近某处。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The noise of the stream had a pleasantly somnolent effect.     小河潺潺的流水声有宜人的催眠效果.
His wife born him a son.     他妻子给他生了一个儿子。
example sentence not found
Her recital led off/She led off her recital with a Haydn sonata.     她在独奏会上首先演出的是海顿的奏鸣曲.
She is humming a popular song.     她在哼一支流行歌曲。
example sentence not found
Sonic booms can break windows.     音爆可以震破窗户。
example sentence not found
Our teacher told us to recite this sonnet written by Shakespeare.     老师要求我们背诵莎士比亚的这首十四行诗。
example sentence not found
There is a sonorous bell in the tower.     塔里有一口洪亮的钟。
Let us start as soon as he comes.     等他一来我们就动身。
A good name is sooner lost than won.     【谚】美名易失，不易得。
She is sweeping the soot off the chimney.     她正把烟筒里的黑灰扫掉。
Sooth to say, I got up late.     说实话，我起来晚了。
A bit of embrocation will soothe your bruised knee.     用一点搽剂可使你那青肿的膝部消肿.
Her words had a soothing effect.     她的话起了安慰的作用。
The child is given a prize as a sop to her disappointed parents.     给那孩子一个奖品是为了安慰她父母的失望心情。
Sophia has it all over Olivia in looks and charm.     索菲娅的长相和魅力都胜过奥利维亚。
example sentence not found
Many politicians are cunning sophists.     许多政客都是狡猾的诡辩家.
As far as defense is concerned, we need to buy more sophisticated weapons.     就防御的观点来说，我们需要购买更多精密的武器。
Lacking sophistication or worldly experience; naive.     幼稚的，天真的不世故的，天真的
He won the argument by sophistry.     他靠诡辩赢了那场争论.
Lily is a Sophomore now.     莉莉现在大学二年级。
example sentence not found
Inducing sleep or sedation; soporific.     安神的，麻醉的，镇静的
The young soprano was taken up by a famous conductor.     那年轻的女高音歌手受到一著名指挥家的提携.
This story is about sorcerers in traditional fairy-tales.     这个故事是关于传统童话中的魔术师 的。
The house was disappeared by sorcery.     这座房子被魔法变没了。
He lived in a sordid slum.     他生活在一个污秽的贫民窟。
My legs are sore from all that running yesterday.     我的腿因为昨天跑步而感到酸痛。
I've got a sore throat,' he wheezed.     ｀我嗓子疼,＇他吃力地说.
A sorely misunderstood child.     一个非常得不到理解的孩子
An early-growing, usually drought-resistant grain sorghum resembling millet.     蜀黍与黍相似的一种种植期早，通常抗旱的黍蜀属谷物
Life has many joys and sorrows.     人生有许多欢乐和悲伤。
I don't like having the sorrowful state of the world shoved at me in every news broadcast.     我不喜欢每条新闻广播都将这个世界的悲惨局面推到我面前，让我不得不接受这一事实。
I was sorry to hear that your cat had died.     听说你的猫死了，我觉得很难过。
Sort these eggs by size.     将这些蛋按大小分好。
Many workers in the sorting office lost their jobs when an automatic sorter was introduced.     拣信室安装了自动拣信机之後, 许多拣信员都失业了.
He was sorting his foreign stamps (into piles).     他正在整理外国邮票（, 都分成一摞一摞的）.
`How are you feeling today?' `Oh, only so-so.'     ｀今天身体好吗?＇｀呃, 还可以.＇
A distinct heading which is distinctly and totally relevant to the data being sought.     一种明显清晰的标题，这种标题很明确，完全与被寻找的数据有关
What good does it do a man if he gains the whole world but loses his soul?     如果一个人得到全世界而丧失了灵魂，这对他有何益处呢？
example sentence not found
They have got home safe and sound.     他们已平安到家。
The studio is being wired for sound.     这个播音室正在安装音响设备用的电线.
The child was soundly thrashed.     这个孩子被痛打了一顿。
Soundness, especially of body or mind; freedom from disease or abnormality.     健康尤指身体或心智的健康；免受疾病或反常影响的
example sentence not found
A device used to combine and adjust sounds from a variety of sources in order to create a final recorded audio product, such as the soundtrack of a movie.     混频器用来混合和调整不同来源的声音以创造出最终被录的音频产品的装置，如一部电影的音道
We had some chicken soup.     我们喝了一些鸡汤。
The old man has been soured by poverty.     那老人因贫困而变得乖戾了。
The news comes from a reliable source.     这消息来自可靠的来源。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She's an old sourpuss.     她是个脾气坏的老太太.
After lying on the street for two hours the souse sober up and walk home.     在街上躺了两个小时後，酒鬼醒了过来走回家去。
The wind is in the south.     风向向南。
Swallows from England go as far as South Africa.     英国来的燕子飞到南非那样远的地方。
A language family widely spread throughout the Amazon River valley, coastal Brazil, and northeast South America.     图皮－瓜拉尼语族一种广泛散布于亚马孙河河谷、巴西沿岸地区和南美洲东北部的一个语族
A unit of currency in North Korea and South Korea.     钱朝鲜和韩国的一种货币单位
We embarked at Southampton, and disembarked in New York a week later.     ＂我们在南安普敦上船，一星期后到达纽约下船。＂
Taiwan is southeast of China.     台湾在中国的东南。
A peninsula of southeast Asia comprising Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Thailand, Burma, and the mainland territory of Malaysia. The area was influenced in early times by India(particularly the Hindu culture) and China.     印度支那半岛东南亚的一个半岛，包括越南、老挝、柬埔寨、泰国、缅甸和马来西亚的大陆部分。历史上这一片地区曾受印度（尤其是印度教文化）和中国的影响
The southeastern wind is strong.     东南风很强。
He lives in southern China.     他住在中国南部。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This river flowed southwest to the Atlantic Ocean.     这条河流向西南，汇入大西洋。
The news is from the southwestern country.     这个消息来自西南方向的村子。
I have no idea what will be a good souvenir from a ski trip.     滑雪之旅回来时，买什么纪念品好，我一点主意也没有。
When did it become a sovereign country?     这个国家是什么时候成为主权国的？
The sovereignty of these islands is in dispute.     这些岛屿的主权有争执。
Should the West root unreservedly for Soviet success? Or should Western economic support turn on Soviet political behavior at home and abroad? Western politicians weight the choice, but it's a false choice: the leverage doesn't exist.     西方应该毫无保留地支持苏联使其成功吗？或者西方的经济支援是否应视苏联在国内外政治行为来决定？西方政客们权衡他们的选择，可是这项选择是错误的。西方对苏联的制衡并不存在。
These seeds should be sown in April.     这些种子应在四月播种。
My darling, come over the street to that shop to buy some soy.     亲爱的，过街到那个商店去买些酱油。
example sentence not found
The field was laid up in twenty-nine-inch rows for soybeans.     这块地被犁成二十九英寸宽的垄条，准备种大豆。
The spa was built in Roman times around hot mineral springs.     该温泉是在罗马时代在热矿泉附近修建起来的。
Our earth moves through space.     我们的地球在太空中运行。
The space flight had to be aborted because of the difficulties with the computer.     这次太空飞行因电脑出了故障不得不予以取消。
The U.S. made the first space shuttle in the world.     美国制造了世界上第一架航天飞机。
After Apollo, NASA's leaders turned their backs on the stars and planets. They delayed or canceled astronomy and space missions, gambling the agency's future on hardware like the space shuttle and space station.     阿波罗［探测外太空火箭］过后，美国宇航局的领导放弃了对星球的探测。他们搁置或取消了天文及太空任务，而将该局的前途赌在航天飞机及太空站一类的硬件上。
The spacecraft is orbiting the moon.     宇宙飞船正绕月球飞行。
The spaceship traveled smoothly in the universe.     太空船在宇宙里平稳地飞行。
Spaces or a space, as in printed matter.     字距空隙或空白，如印刷品中
In its spacious halls are displayed over8000 priceless relics.     在它宽敞的大厅里，展出了8000多件珍贵文物。
Orders came that we should spade the trench in an hour.     有命令要我们必须在一小时内挖好战壕。
The soldiers cut a passage through the jungle with their spades.     士兵们用铁锹在丛林中开出一条道路。
Pasta made in long strands thinner than spaghetti.     细面条，线面做成长条形，比意大利式细面条更细的意大利面食
I was told that Spain is a romantic nation.     有人告诉我说，西班牙是个浪漫的国家。
Can you span an octave on the piano?     乍能按到钢琴的八个键吗？
example sentence not found
These two Spaniards have visited several cities in China.     这两个西班牙人已经参观了中国的好几个城市。
I've been studying Spanish for three months.     我学西班牙语已经三个月了。
The boy got a sound spanking.     那男孩的屁股著实挨了一顿巴掌.
The boy got a sound spanking.     那男孩的屁股著实挨了一顿巴掌.
A small or light spar.     帆柱一根小的或轻的桅杆
It was a horrible accident---I'll spare you the details.     这是一次令人毛骨悚然的事故，我就不告诉你细节了。
Can you spare me five minutes?     你能抽出五分钟和我谈谈吗？
Use the milk sparingly, there's not much left.     少用些牛奶, 剩下的不多了.
There was a wild spark in his eyes.     他的两眼炯炯发光。
The wet grass sparkles in the sun.     太阳使湿草闪闪发光。
Sparkling white wine is the poor man's champagne.     白葡萄汽酒算是廉价的香槟。
The exhaust pipe shot sparks.     排气管中射出了火星。
The sparrow is a common bird in our city.     麻雀在我们这个城市里是一种常见的鸟。
He has a sparse beard.     他长着稀疏的胡子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They burst into a spasm of laughter.     他们爆发出一阵笑声。
The abnormal, spasmodic swallowing of air, especially as a symptom of hysteria.     吞气症异常的痉挛性吞气，特指歇斯底里的症状
There is only a spat between the brother and sister.     那只是兄妹间的小吵小闹。
example sentence not found
After the storm all the rivers were in spate.     暴雨过後河水都上涨了.
Specified by or exhibiting four dimensions, especially the three spatial dimensions and single temporal dimension of the relativity theory.     四维的，四度空间的由四维确定或表现的，尤指三个空间维度和相对理论中的时间维度
We heard the rain spattering down on the roof of the hut.     我们听到雨滴滴答答打在小屋的顶上。
He scraped the mixture out of the bowl with a plastic spatula.     他用塑料铲把盆里的混合料刮了出来.
The computer industry has spawned a lot of new companies.     由于电脑工业的发展，许多新公司纷纷成立。
Do you speak English?     你会说英语吗？
He is an excellent speaker of French.     他法语说得非常好。
He is a man always speaking with restraint.     他是个说话拘谨的人。
The fisher used a spear as his weapon.     渔夫用矛作为武器。
She is a special friend of mine.     她是我一个特别亲密的朋友。
If you want the letter to arrive tomorrow send it (by) special delivery.     要让这封信明天到, 就得用专递服务.
Her mother is an eye specialist.     她母亲是眼科专家。
His speciality is barbecued steaks.     烤牛排是他的拿手好菜.
Having no special function; without specialty or specialization.     非专门化的不具有特殊的功能的；没有专业或未进行专业化的
This shop specializes in chocolates.     这个商店专门出售巧克力。
A group of specialized nerve cells or a localized mass of gray matter in the brain or spinal cord.     神经核一组专门的神经细胞或存在于大脑或脊髓中灰物质的局部块
I made this cake specially, with brown sugar instead of white.     我特别地以红糖代替白糖做了这个蛋糕。
I can recommend the vegetable pie - it's the specialty of the house.     我推荐一道蔬菜馅饼，它是这家餐馆的名菜。
This rare bird has become an endangered species.     这种珍禽已成为濒临灭绝的物种。
There is a specific tool for each job.     各工种配备特定的工具。
I refer specifically to permanent residents, in contradistinction to temporary visitors.     我是专指永久居民而言, 以别於临时访客.
Have you got a product of this specification?     不知你们有没有这种规格的？
It also incorporate new optimization specific to particular server and local database format.     它也把新的优化细节合并到特殊服务器与本地数据库格式中。
example sentence not found
Please specify when you will be at home tomorrow.     请确切说明你明天何时会在家。
The museum displays the specimen of ancient Chinese porcelain.     这个博物馆展出中国古瓷器标本。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The debate aroused not a speck of public interest.     这次争论没有引起公众丝毫的兴趣。
example sentence not found
If you're passing the optician's this morning, would you mind dropping in and enquiring for my new specs?     如果你上午经过那家眼镜店，你不介意进去问问我的新眼镜配好了吗？
I can't see things through your spectacles.     我和你的看法不同。
example sentence not found
The old man put on his spectacles and started reading.     老人戴上眼镜开始看书。
The new play was a spectacular success.     这出新戏获得了巨大的成功。
example sentence not found
Football is our most popular spectator sport.     足球是最受我们欢迎、最能吸引观众的一项运动。
The spectators scuttled for shelter when it began to rain.     一下起雨来，观众就纷纷找地方躲避。
The specter of unemployment hunted the country.     失业的幽灵在这个国家作祟。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There's a wide spectrum of opinions on this problem.     对这个问题的说法众说纷纭，莫衷一是。
example sentence not found
He makes some unprofitable speculations.     他在做些无利可图的投机生意。
Their speculative buying of grain is illegal.     他们投机购买谷物是不合法的。
A ruthless speculator or adventurer.     冷酷的投机者或冒险家
The holidays simply sped by.     假期简直是一晃而过。
Only human beings are capable of speech.     只有人类才具有说话的能力。
I was speechless with surprise.     我惊讶得说不出话来。
The holidays simply sped by.     假期简直是一晃而过。
She was driving at well over the speed limit.     她开车的速度远远超过了速度限制。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He rarely spoke unless personally appealed to, and speedily went into his shell again.     他很少讲话，除非他本人十分感兴趣时。即使如此，也会很快地恢复沉默。
The speedometer was indicating 95 mph.     速度计指示著每小时95英里.
example sentence not found
The student's speedy answers were praised by the teacher.     这个学生敏捷的回答得到了老师的表扬。
example sentence not found
After a short spell in hospital she was soon back at work.     她在医院住了一段时间后，很快又回来上班了。
example sentence not found
She's a good/poor speller.     她拼字的功底很好[差].
He is poor at spelling.     他不善于拼写。
example sentence not found
He buy a block of share in mark and spencer.     他购买了“麦克斯和斯潘塞百货联销店”的大宗股份。
Come and spend the weekend with us.     来和我们一起度周末吧。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Spent lavishly on dinner just for effect.     晚餐吃得很奢侈浪费只是为了面子上好看
He has a low sperm count.     他的精液中精子含量少。
example sentence not found
The volcano spewed molten lava.     火山喷出了熔岩.
example sentence not found
The scientist is distinguished in many spheres of knowledge.     这位科学家在许多知识领域中都是杰出的。
The oil-lamp needs a new globe, spherical lampshade.     这油灯需配个新的圆灯罩.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I've always found her rather sphinx-like.     我总觉得她像个谜一样, 难以捉摸.
example sentence not found
Please add more spices to the cake.     请给蛋糕多加点香料。
These small spiced cakes are a peculiarity of the region.     这些别有风味的小蛋糕是该地的特产。
example sentence not found
Do you like spicy food?     你喜欢吃辣的食物吗？
The little girl thinks spiders are terrible creatures.     小女孩认为蜘蛛是一种可怕的生物。
example sentence not found
That salesman have a good spiel, he sell many dress in one hour.     那个推销员讲话流利又夸张，他在一小时内卖了很多衣服。
There are many sharp spikes on the railings in the park.     公园的栏杆上有很多尖头。
An obstacle composed of barbed wire or spikes attached to a wooden frame, used to block enemy advancement.     铁蒺藜由钉在林桩上的有刺铁丝或尖钉构成的用来阻挡敌人的前进障碍物
Your hairbrush is too spiky for me.     你的发刷我觉得太尖了.
Put the cap back on the bottle, otherwise the juice will spill.     把瓶盖儿盖好, 要不汁液就洒出来了.
The spilt milk made a terrible mess on the carpet.     牛奶洒在地毯上弄得一塌糊涂.
Silkworms spin cocoons.     蚕作茧。
You should eat such vegetables as carrot, celery and spinach.     你应该吃胡萝卜、芹菜和菠菜这类的蔬菜。
He had a spinal injury in that accident.     他在那次事故中脊柱受了伤。
Complete paralysis of the lower half of the body including both legs, usually caused by damage to the spinal cord.     截瘫，下身麻痹通常由于脊髓受伤引起的包括双腿在内的下部身体完全的瘫痪
A spindle or an axle used to secure or support material being machined or milled.     紧轴一根用于固定或支撑待切削或粉碎原料的新心轴或轮轴
example sentence not found
He got an injury to his spine when he fell off his horse.     他从马上摔下来，伤了脊梁骨。
He's too spineless to ask for more money.     他没有勇气要求更多的钱。
example sentence not found
One of the three Fates, the spinner of the thread of destiny.     克洛索三命运神之一，命运之线的纺织者
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The motorcycles were spinning along at full speed.     摩托车正全速疾驰。
The spinster is very sad.     那个老处女很悲伤。
example sentence not found
A snail's shell is spiral in form.     蜗牛壳是螺旋形的。
We could see the spire of the church in the distance.     我们可以看到远处教堂的尖塔。
He is in low spirit.     他意气消沉。
The broad or spirited humor characteristic of such works.     喜剧性的风格这类戏剧形式夸张和活泼的幽默风格
The good news lifted my spirits.     这好消息使我精神大振。
I care more about the spiritual life than the substantial life.     和物质生活相比，我更注重精神生活。
example sentence not found
Spiritually impoverished or alienated.     精神上颓丧；无寄托的
It's rude to spit in public.     在公共场合随便吐痰是不礼貌的。
I went shopping in spite of the rain.     尽管下雨，我还是出去买东西了。
He made a spiteful comment.     他发表了恶意的评论。
example sentence not found
The story was splashed across the front page of the newspaper.     这篇报道刊登在报纸头版显著位置。
example sentence not found
When I get frustrated and angry, I have to vent my spleen on someone.     我受尽挫折，怒火冲天时，禁不住想找谁发一顿脾气。
example sentence not found
We had a splendid holiday.     我们度过了一个极好的假期。
Proper advantage is not being taken of this splendidly equipped sports hall.     这座设施豪华的体育馆没有被充分地利用起来。
We admired the splendor of the mountain scenery.     我们赞赏着壮丽的山景。
Down came my wife dressed out in all her former splendour.     我妻子如往日一般身着盛装从楼上走了下来。
example sentence not found
Have you heard?John's just got spliced.     听说了吗? 约翰刚结了婚.
example sentence not found
Some splinters of glass had got into his feet.     他的脚上扎了一些碎玻璃屑。
If I tell where I'm going, promise you won't split on me?     如果我告诉你我去哪，你愿意保证守口如瓶吗？
The plan depends on ,split-second timing.     这计画要想成功就得分秒不差.
I've got a splitting headache.     我头疼得要裂开似的。
I had a splurge and bought two new suits.     我大手大脚花了一笔钱买了两套新衣服.
She dived into the water and came up coughing and spluttering.     她扎入水中, 浮上来时呛得连咳嗽带喷水.
The child was spoilt by his grandfather.     这个孩子被他的爷爷给惯坏了。
In calculating profit, retailers must allow for breakage and spoilage.     计算利润时，零售商们必须考虑到破碎和损坏情况
Only children are sometimes spoilt.     独生子女有时被宠坏了.
He spoke to the class about the dangers of smoking.     他给班上学生讲了吸烟的危害性。
An important and perhaps surprising feature of technical English is that its normal style is common to both written and spoken communication.     科技英语的一个重要的，也许是令人惊奇的特点是：无论是书面的传达，还是口头的交流，二者都是可以作为正式文体而通用的。
He is the spokesman of the council.     他是国务院的发言人。
But because the victims are not United States citizens, he said, no one has taken the lead in seeking a solution.They don't have any real spokesperson,  he continued,That's probably why there is no hue and cry to do something about this problem.     他说，可是因为受害人非美国公民，没有首先出来寻求解决办法。“他们没有真正代言人，”他接着说，“可能正因为如此，没人出来大声抗议设法解决问题。”
The chief spokeswoman of a movement or cause.     女代言人运动或事业的女性主要发言人
example sentence not found
I am cooking a sponge cake with jam filling.     我在做果酱松糕。
There grows some spongy moss on the stone.     石头上长着一些柔软的苔藓。
A wealthy sponsor came to our rescue with a generous donation.     有个富有的赞助人慷慨捐赠来解救我们.
This establishment opened under the sponsorship of a large corporation.     这一机构是在一家大企业倡导下开办的。
example sentence not found
She shows a spontaneous gaiety of manner.     她露出天真愉快的神态。
Spontaneously igniting in air.     自燃的在空气中自发地燃烧的
You've been spoofed.     你上当了.
I need one more spool of thread before finishing the embroidery.     再来一轴线我就可以完成这幅刺绣了。
His soup spoon dropped onto the ground.     他的汤勺掉到了地上。
example sentence not found
She put a spoonful of milk in each of the two cup.     她在这两个杯子里各放了一匙牛奶。
example sentence not found
Despite the sporadic disturbances the dictator was still riding high.     虽不时有骚动事件，该独裁者仍能控制局势。
example sentence not found
Mushroom's spores are usually carried on the wind.     蘑菇的孢子通常由风传播。
Football is my favorite sport.     足球是我最喜欢的运动。
The cup final is an important date in the sporting calendar.     足总杯决赛在运动日程表中是个重要日子。
example sentence not found
He is a sports buff.     他是一个体育运动爱好者。
Were I rich enough, I would buy a sports car.     如果我有足够的钱，我就买一辆赛车了。
This footballer is a sportsman who likes to be in the spotlight.     这个足球运动员是个爱出风头的运动员。
example sentence not found
She was designated sportswoman of the year.     她被指定为本年度的体坛明星。
She's very sporty.     她非常爱好文体活动.
Spain is our favorite holiday spot.     西班牙是我们喜欢的度假地点。
He keeps his house spotless.     他把家收拾得很整洁。
This footballer is a sportsman who likes to be in the spotlight.     这个足球运动员是个爱出风头的运动员。
The leopard cannot change its spots.     【谚】江山易改，本性难移。
He spotted his reputation by lying repeatedly.     他因反复说谎而败坏了自己的名声。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Job is available for spouse on campus and in the community.     校园里和社区里有配偶可做的工作。
Water is spouting out of the pipe.     水正从管子里喷出来。
The doctor ordered the man who had sprained his ankle to keep quiet a few days.     医生命令那扭伤足踝的人静养几天。
New buildings sprang up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.     新的建筑物如雨后春笋般大批出现。
He lay in a sprawl over the desk.     他手脚摊开趴在书桌上。
He sprayed paint on the wall.     他把漆喷在墙上。
We spread butter on bread.     我们把奶油涂到面包上。
What can we do to prevent the disease spreading?     我们能做什么来防止这种疾病蔓延呢？
A program that allows a user to perform work on a computer(in contrast to a program that performs overhead functions, such as an operating system). Examples are database managers, spreadsheets, and accounting programs.     使用户在计算机上完成工作的程序（不同于那种执行内务功能的程序，如操作系统）。例如数据库管理程序、数据表程序以及会计程序等等。
Let's have a spree.     让我们痛痛快快乐一乐。
He decorated the chicken with sprigs of parsley.     他用欧芹的嫩枝点缀在鸡上。
The patient smiled when he heard the sprightly music on the radio.     听到收音机里传来的轻快乐曲，这个病人笑了。
The cat made a spring at the mouse.     猫向老鼠扑去。
The college debating society was a natural springboard for her career in politics.     大学里的辩论社自然成了她从政的跳板。
example sentence not found
I like springtime best of all.     我最喜欢春天。
A light springy jump or leap, especially on one foot.     （犹指单脚）轻快地一蹦或一跳
It sprinkled that evening.     那天晚上下了小雨。
example sentence not found
A container with small holes in the top for sprinkling ground pepper.     胡椒瓶一种顶部有很多倒胡椒粉小孔的容器
He sprinted past the other runners just before reaching the tape.     他在到达终点之前全速冲刺, 超越了其他赛跑者.
I wasn't claiming that Bob was a world-class sprinter, but he could show his heels to you anyway.     我并非声称鲍勃是一个世界级的短跑运动员，但不管怎样，他会把你远远甩在后面的。
The little girl is so lovely that I call her a sprite.     这个小女孩太可爱了，我把她叫做小精灵。
Leaves began to sprout from the trees.     树上开始长叶子了。
Spruce and pine are evergreen trees.     云杉和松树都是常绿树木。
He is sprung from noble ancestors.     他出身名门。
example sentence not found
Dancers spun in a swirl of skirts.     跳舞的人旋转著, 裙子也不停地打转.
Spunk up before the public at least.     至少你要在公众面前打起精神来。・
He dug in his spurs.     他用靴刺踢马。
Characterized by adulteration; spurious.     掺假的以掺假为特征的；伪造的
I spurn your offer.     我拒绝你的提议。
example sentence not found
The wound was spurting blood.     伤口淌著血.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It's wrong to spy into people's affairs.     刺探他人的私事是错误的。
I hate to squabble with my wife about money.     我厌恶为钱的事兴太太争吵。
At two the squad fell out.     两点钟时这个班解散了。
The young soldier was appointed squadron leader.     这位年轻的士兵被任命为骑兵队的队长。
A cheap or squalid theater.     跳蚤窝低劣的或肮脏的剧院
It is said that the squall will come tomorrow.     据说暴风雪明天就要来了。
There is indescribable squalor in those books.     那些书简直污秽不堪。
He has squandered all his savings on drink.     他把存的钱全买酒喝了。
The little girl drew a square on the paper.     小女孩在纸上画了一个正方形。
The music for a square dance.     四对男女跳的方形舞曲
example sentence not found
He faced me squarely across the table.     他在桌子那边正对著我。
example sentence not found
He sat on his hat and squashed it flat.     他坐在自己的帽子上，把它压扁了。
Can you find somewhere to squat?     你找个地方坐下好吗?
Somebody's squeaked!     有人告密了!
He squealed like a pig.     他像猪似的号叫著.
example sentence not found
It was a tight squeeze but we finally got all the clothes into the case.     箱子已经很满了，但我们还是把衣服全塞进去了。
The army get bogged down in the thick squelch mud.     军队都陷入泥沼中，行进时烂泥扑哧作声。
Squid prepared as food.     食用乌贼用作食物的乌贼
example sentence not found
The bottle-top has been screwed on squint.     瓶盖没拧正。
What the squire said is absolutely nonsense!     这个乡绅的话纯属一派胡言！
He was squirming (around) on the floor in agony.     他躺在地上痛苦地扭动著.
The squirrel is a lovely small animal.     松鼠是一种可爱的小动物。
He's such a little squirt.     他年纪不大，傲气不小。
example sentence not found
She stabbed him in the leg with a kitchen knife.     她拿菜刀捅伤了他的腿.
The police are worried about the increase in the number of stabbings in the city.     市内利器伤人案增多, 警方甚感忧虑.
The government has taken a measure to maintain the stability of prices.     政府已经采取了措施以确保物价稳定。
example sentence not found
He can now ride his bike without stabilizers.     他现在骑自行车不需要平衡器了.
The pod of this plant, containing a sweet edible pulp and seeds that yield a gum used as a stabilizer in food products.     角豆荚角豆植物的豆荚，内含味甜可食的肉质部分以及种子，它们产生出一种胶，可用于食品中做稳定剂
This ladder isn't very stable.     这架梯子不太牢靠。
example sentence not found
There is a stack of dishes to be washed in the kitchen.     厨房里还有一大堆盘子要洗。
We will go to the stadium to watch a football match.     我们将去体育场观看足球比赛。
Most of our offices are staffed by volunteers.     在我们大多数办公室任职的是志愿人员。
Because my husband has gone to a stag dinner, I have to stay at home alone.     因为我丈夫去参加一个只许男人参加的宴会，我只好独自待在家里。
She stood alone on the enormous stage.     她孤零零地站在巨大的舞台上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The unexpected blow did not stagger his resolution.     这个意外的打击并没有动摇他的决心。
The soldier receive no staggering wind from any of the three shot.     三枪中的任何一枪都没使这个士兵受到什麽惊人的枪伤。
The mechanics of staging a play are very complicated.     排演话剧的过程很复杂.
Due to low investment, our industrial output has remained stagnant.     由于投资少，我们的工业生产一直停滞不前。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The room was decorated with stagy opulence.     那房间装饰得富丽堂皇, 像戏台似的.
I always thought of him as a rather staid old gentleman.     我一直以为他是个相当古板的绅士。
He stained the family honor.     他玷污了家族的荣誉。
These appliances are made of stainless iron.     这些器具是用不锈钢制成的。
He ran down the stairs.     他跑下楼梯。
We heard his heavy tread on the staircase.     我们听到了他走在楼梯上沉重的脚步声。
The old woman fell down a flight of stairs.     那位老太太从一段楼梯上摔了下来。
example sentence not found
I have staked all my hopes on you.     我已经把我所有的希望都寄托在你身上了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The beer is stale.     啤酒走了气了。
Negotiations have reached (a) stalemate.     谈判陷入了僵局.
The infatuated fan stalked the celebrity.     那位着了迷的崇拜者追踪这位名人。
Never buy food from a market stall.     千万别在小摊上买食物。
An astronaut can send out a robot which will work on the unknown planet, putting up a permanent observation stallion on it.     宇航员可派出一个在未知星球上工作的机器人，并在上面建立一个永久观察站。
Every time I ask her to set the date she stalls.     我每次请她定一个时间，她总是借故拖延。
example sentence not found
Stamen is in the middle of a flower and may produce pollen.     雄蕊长在花的中央，能产生花粉。
He doesn't have the stamina to be a teacher.     他没有当教师的精力.
He stammered his thanks.     他结结巴巴地道了谢。
My husband is a stamp collector.     我丈夫是个集邮者。
Don't be stampeded into buying the house.     不要一时冲动买下这所房子
He maintains a rigidly right-wing political stance.     他坚持僵硬的右派政治立场.
example sentence not found
Let me stand you a dinner.     让我请你一顿饭。
example sentence not found
The teacher sets high standard for his pupils.     这位老师给他的学生们定下高标准。
example sentence not found
Pertaining to a degree of standardization of computer system components to allow for combinations and large variety of compatible units.     修饰或说明计算机系统部件的标准化的程度，模块化设计允许部件组合和出现很多种类的兼容部件。
example sentence not found
A special team of police were kept on standby during the time of violence.     在发生暴乱期间，经常有一支警察特别小分队处于整装待命状态。
example sentence not found
His meanness has become something of a standing joke.     他的小气已成了经常引人发笑的笑料。
Standing room only!     只有站票！
Mr. Blake looked uncordial and standoffish.     布雷克先生看来冷漠而不友善。
example sentence not found
Has the matter been viewed from the taxpayers' standpoint?     这个问题是否从纳税人的立场上考虑过?
Smog used to bring London traffic to a standstill.     过去伦敦的交通常因烟雾而受阻.
He visited a lot of colleges, and finally picked on Stanford.     他访问了许多大学，终于选中了斯坦福大学。
He's reading the second stanza.     他正在读诗的第二节。
He stapled the paper together.     他把文件钉在一起。
Have you get a stapler?     你有订书机吗？
In his last film he starred as a cowboy.     他在最近的一部影片中主演一位牛仔。
example sentence not found
The ship gave a lurch to starboard.     船突然向右侧倾斜.
You eat too much starch.     你吃的含淀粉的食物太多了。
The starchy root of any of these plants, used in the tropics as food.     山药，甘薯这些植物的含淀粉根，在热带用作食物
example sentence not found
Get the stardust out of your eyes and face reality.     抛弃天真的想法而面对现实。
She gave him a long cool stare.     她冷冷地久久凝视他。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The landscape was grey and stark.     景色灰暗荒凉。
Starlight Productions present the Chinese Children's Choir in concert.     星光剧团主办中国儿童合唱团演出音乐会.
A starring actor or actress given equal status with another or others in a play or film.     合演明星在一出戏剧或电影中与其他某一个人或某些人具有相同地位的明星男演员或女演员
I met him on a starry winter evening.     我是在一个满天星斗的冬夜遇到他的。
We must make a new start.     我们必须重新开始。
What would you like as a starter?     您第一道菜想来点什麽?
Of the five starters in the race only three finished.     起跑时有五 个, 只有三个跑完全程.
I have to buy some kitchen utensils before starting cooking.     开始做饭前，我还得去买些厨房用具。
The runners got into position on the starting line.     赛跑运动员已进入起跑线上的位置。
He gave me a startle.     他吓了我一跳。
He was startled by the news.     这消息使他大吃一惊。
That is a startling disclosure of police brutality.     那是一个揭发警察暴行的惊人消息。
After several false starts, she became a successful journalist.     她开始时遇到几次挫折，後来才成为能干的记者
example sentence not found
The poor old man died of starvation.     那个可怜的老人被饿死了。
They tried to starve him into submission.     他们试图用饥饿来使他就范。
The plant was starved of light and died.     这株植物因为极度缺乏光照而死了。
The politician found the piteous cries of the starving children unbearable.     这个政治家发现饥饿的孩子们可怜的哭声让人不忍心听下去。
He's got his life savings stashed (away) in an old suitcase.     他把一辈子的积蓄保藏在一口旧箱子里.
State your name and address.     请说出你的姓名和地址。
example sentence not found
Lydia briefly stated the business in hand, namely to choose a secretary and treasurer for the committee.     莉迪亚简单地陈述了马上要做的事，即为委员会选出一个秘书和财务管理人。
There are many strong and stately towers in Beijing.     北京有很多坚固而雄伟的城楼。
Clearness of statement is more important than beauty of language.     叙述清楚比语言优美更重要。
The statesman is respected by people.     这位政治家为人们所敬重。
example sentence not found
Her hair was full of static.     她的头发上静电很强.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Can you tell me the way to the railway station?     你能告诉我往火车站的路怎么走吗？
Neither the truck nor the station wagon will be there.     卡车和旅行汽车都不会停在那儿。
A stationary target is easiest to aim at.     静止的目标是最容易瞄准的。
My stationery cupboard is full of paper.     我的文具柜塞满了纸。
These are some indigestible statistics.     这是些很难理解的统计资料。
They showed some statistical evidence to support their argument.     他们出示了一些统计数字来支持他们的论点。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I happen to have the official statistics with me.     我碰巧身边有官方的统计数字。
There will be a display of bronze statuary in this museum next week.     下星期这个博物馆将举办一个青铜雕塑作品展览。
The statue is made of bronze.     这座雕像是青铜铸成。
A china statuette of a shepherdess stood on the table.     桌上有一个牧羊女的小瓷像.
A man short in stature.     侏儒身材矮的人
The degree or status of a doctor as conferred by a university.     博士学位大学授予的博士学位或身份
example sentence not found
We must obey the statutes in this country.     我们必须遵守这个国家的法规。
The constitutional or statutory right to vote.     选举权宪法或法律规定的选举权
They are staunch soldiers.     他们是忠诚的战士。
He made a barrel with staves by himself.     他自己用桶板做了一只桶。
The temperature has stayed hot this week.     本周气温一直都很热。
His anorak has stood him in good stead this winter.     他这件带兜帽的夹克在今年冬天对他很有用。
Steadfast in allegiance to one's homeland, government, or sovereign.     忠心的对自己的祖国，政府或主权无限忠诚的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
His health is getting steadily worse.     他的健康正逐渐恶化。
The hunter steadied his rifle and fired.     猎人端稳了猎枪，然后开了火。
example sentence not found
How do you want your steak?     你的牛排要几分熟？
He stole out of the house without anyone seeing him.     他悄悄地溜出了房子，没有人看见他。
Tracking wild animals requires great stealth.     跟踪野生动物必须悄然无声。
In secret; stealthily.     秘密地；偷偷地
example sentence not found
The engines are driven by steam.     这些发动机是由蒸汽驱动的。
It is said that James Watt's observation of steam issuing from a kettle gave birth to the idea of the steam engine.     据说，詹姆斯・瓦特对水壶蒸气的观察使他产生了发明蒸汽机的想法。
They traveled on the steamboat along the coast.     他们坐着小汽船沿着海岸旅行。
He steamed the stamp off the envelope.     他用蒸汽把信封上的邮票揭下来。
The steamers for Shanghai leave on Wednesday.     开往上海的轮船星期三启程。
Some passengers are sitting on the deck of the large steamboat chatting.     有些旅客正坐在这只大轮船的甲板上聊天。
This cup is made of stainless steel.     这只杯子是不锈钢做的。
She steeped the stained cloth in bleach overnight.     她把有污迹的衣服在洗衣粉里浸了一夜。
The path steepens as you climb the hillside.     沿著山坡往上爬时, 那条小径越来越陡.
Orthodox Christian churches often have elaborate steeples.     传统的基督教堂都有精致的尖塔。
He steered the car skillfully through the narrow streets.     他熟练地驾驶着汽车穿过狭窄的街道。
Turn the wheel to the right to correct the steering.     把方向盘往右边转转, 好修正驾驶上的偏差.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Our ship stemmed on against the current.     我们的船逆流而上。
From a steaming stench below, the banks were coated with a slimy mould that stuck to them like glue, disgusting to behold and worse to smell     堤岸上铺着一层从下面来的臭气所凝结成的霉东西，使得眼睛和鼻子都感到憎恶。
Do you know how to cut a stencil?     你会刻蜡版[打蜡纸]吗？
She was elected a stenographer of that meeting.     她被选为那次会议的速记员。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She stepped on a loose stone and twisted her ankle.     她踩到一块松动的石头上，扭伤了脚踝。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We've developed the project from an original idea by Stephen.     我们根据斯蒂芬的设想制定了这个计划.
example sentence not found
His stepmother is kind to her.     他的继母对她很和善。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I have many stereo cassettes.     我有很多立体声盒式磁带。
example sentence not found
He doesn't conform to the usual stereotype of the city businessman with a dark suit and rolled umbrella.     他不像典型的城市商人那样, 穿一身深色的套服、 带一把收好的雨伞.
She has a stereotyped view of teachers, believing that they are all as bad as hers were.     她对于教师有种一成不变的观念，认为他们都与她以前那些教师一样差。
Medical tests showed that he was sterile.     医学检查表明他没有生育能力。
A strong, pressurized, steam-heated vessel, as for laboratory experiments, sterilization, or cooking.     高压灭菌器，高压锅一种用于实验室实验、灭菌或烧煮的高压加热蒸气作用的容器
The doctor performs operations with sterilized surgical instruments.     医生用消过毒的外科手术器械做手术。
You can pay in sterling.     你可以支付英镑。
She seated herself in the stern.     她坐进了船尾。
He has very sternly admonished student.     他十分严厉地训诫了学生。
He's being treated with steroids for leukaemia.     他因患白血病正在接受类固醇治疗.
example sentence not found
I take it you know what a stethoscope is.     我想你知道听诊器是个什么东西。
Steve got off with Tracey/Steve and Tracey got off (together) at Denise's party.     史蒂夫和特蕾西在丹尼斯的聚会中搞上了.
Shipment cannot execute within period owing stevedore shortage     因装卸工人不足，故无法在限定期间内完成装船。
There is no need to get into a stew; everything will be all right.     没有必要烦恼，一切都会好起来的。
His neighbor is a chief steward.     他的邻居是一个乘务员领班。
An air stewardess came and asked him if he would like some drink.     一位空中小姐走过来，问他是否想要些饮料。
The old man could not walk without a stick.     这老人没有手杖就走不了路。
A paper sticker.     纸制粘贴物
Before sorting stamps, any paper sticking to the backs must be removed.     在把邮票分类之前，任何粘在后面的别的纸都得去掉。
example sentence not found
She's a stickler for the truth.     她是个坚持实事求是的人。
example sentence not found
There's some sort of sticky fluid on the kitchen floor.     厨房的地上有一种发黏的液体.
Shoes are often stiff when they are new.     新鞋刚穿起来常常都是硬邦邦的。
He stiffened at the insult.     他听到这些侮辱的话，态度强硬起来。
Please call me Virginia. Virginia said for the tenth time. Mrs. Allen bowed stiffly and continued to call her Miss Martin.     请叫我弗吉尼亚。弗吉尼亚已经说过10遍了。可是艾伦太太很不自然地点点头，仍然称她马丁小姐。
As I got about, the stiffness in my left leg gradually worked off.     我走动走动，左腿渐渐地不再僵直了。
Our ideas were stifled.     我们的意见被压了下来。
We were stifling in that hot room with all the windows closed.     我们在那间关著窗户的热屋子里, 简直透不过气来.
There is less stigma attached to illegitimacy now than there used to be.     私生子女已经不象过去那样见不得人了。
example sentence not found
I think they should make some stiles for people to cross the wall.     我认为他们应该建些梯磴好让人们跨过墙去。
example sentence not found
The food stilled the baby's cries.     食物使婴儿停止了哭泣。
I prefer landscape to still life.     我喜欢风景画，不喜欢静物画。
example sentence not found
The stillness was rent by thunderous applause.     雷鸣般的掌声打破了寂静。
He walked along on stilts.     他踩着高跷走过去。
He walked along on stilts.     他踩着高跷走过去。
It is hoped that the tax cuts will act as a stimulant to further economic growth.     希望降低税率这一措施能刺激经济进一步增长。
I hoped my warning would stimulate her to greater efforts.     我希望我的告诫会促使她作出更大的努力。
The exhibition stimulated interest in the artist's work.     这次展览引起人们对这位艺术家的作品的兴趣.
He looks sharp. Working with him shall be stimulating.     他看起来精明。和他一起工作应该够刺激的。
Stimulation of the mind or emotions to a high level of feeling or activity.     鼓舞使人的心灵或情感受到刺激而达到更高层次情感和行动的东西
The capacity to respond to stimuli.     反应力对刺激的反应能力
The nutrient in the soil acts as a stimulus to growth.     土壤中的养分能促进植物生长。
His flattery carries a sting.     他的奉承话中带刺。
example sentence not found
The quality or state of being selfish or stingy.     自私，吝啬自私或吝啬的品质或状况
There is a stink of cats in the room.     屋子里有猫的臭味。
example sentence not found
She stinted herself of food in order to let the children have enough.     她自己省着吃，好让孩子们吃饱。
Hopes to be awarded a stipend for further research.     希望能被给予进一步研究的费用。
example sentence not found
The company fails to pay on the date stipulate in the contract.     该公司没有按合同中规定的日期付款。
A stipulation or qualification, especially a clause in a document or an agreement.     条款一种规定或条件，尤其是指一个文件或协议中的条文
The story stirred her sympathy.     这故事激起了她的同情心。
Who's been stirring?     是谁搬弄是非?
She tried to put her foot into the stirrup.     她试图把脚放进马镫里。
The doctor put three stitches in my head.     医生在我头上缝了三针。
She is tired of her husband's stock jokes.     她听厌了她丈夫那些陈腐的笑话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The London Stock Exchange is in turmoil today.     今天伦敦证券市场一片混乱。
She's made a killing on the stock market.     她在股票市场上大发了一笔财.
The lambs were kept in the stockade.     小羊羔被放在围栏里养着。
He rang( up) his stockbroker.     他给他的股票经纪人打了个电话。
example sentence not found
The ship sank 10 miles out of Stockholm.     船在离斯德哥尔摩10英里处沉没了.
The boy is one meter tall in his stocking feet.     这个小男孩不穿鞋的身高是一米。
example sentence not found
Get a hustle on to stockpile these essential material.     赶快把这些重要材料贮放起来。
example sentence not found
The boss always gets in a lather during stocktaking time.     每当存货盘点时，老板总是心神不定。
A strong, stocky horse.     强壮、结实的马
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A Stoic person responds to hardship with imperturbation.     坚忍克己之人经受苦难仍能泰然自若。
She showed great stoicism during her husband's final illness.     她在丈夫患病临终期间表现出了坚强的毅力.
You should stoke up now you may not get another meal today.     你现在得吃得饱饱的--你今天可能再没饭吃了.
She wore her sable stole.     她戴着带有貂皮的披肩
A 1000 reward has been offered for the return of the stolen painting.     悬赏1000英镑寻找失窃的画.
He conceals his feelings behind a rather stolid manner.     他装作无动於衷的样子以掩盖自己的感情.
Don't swim on an empty stomach.     不要空腹时游泳。
The medicine did his stomachache a power of good.     这种药对他的胃痛疗效显著。
He looked funny stomping round the dance floor.     他在舞池里跺著舞步, 样子很可笑.
The criminal was stoned to death.     罪犯被人们用石头砸死。
Since then, organic materials ranging from Egyptian mummy hair to Stone Age sandals have been dated.     自那时起，从埃及的木乃伊头发到石器时代的檀香木等有机物质的年代都已被确定。
The criminal was stoned to death.     罪犯被人们用石头砸死。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An ornamental device, as in stonework or weaving, consisting of stylized vine leaves and tendrils.     螺层一种含有很风格化的藤叶和卷须的装饰结构，如石制品或纺织品上
The old bus rattled along the stony road.     那辆旧公共汽车格登格登地沿碎石路行驶.
He stood with his hands on his hips.     他两手叉腰站立著.
He goes to stool twice a day.     他每天大便两次。
The old woman walked with a stoop.     老太太伛偻而行。
They stopped to talk when they met on the street.     他们在街上相遇时，停下来聊了几句。
example sentence not found
The house is about a mile past the first stoplight. They walked past the memorial in silence.     这座房子在第一个交通指示灯大约一英里以外的地方。他们静静地走过纪念碑
A round the world ticket allow several stopover.     环球飞机票可允许乘客在途经的几地方稍做逗留。
The stoppage of bleeding or hemorrhage.     止血阻止流血或大出血
The stopper may blow out.     塞子会被冲出来。
The court is not legally justified in stopping at the threshold of the case.     一开始就使案件停止不前，法院这样做是完全不合法的。
example sentence not found
His furniture is in storage while he finds a new house.     他在找新房子时把家具存放在仓库里。
There is a large store in the village.     村里有家大百货店。
example sentence not found
This book is a storehouse of useful information.     这本书里汇集了大量有用的资料。
The storekeeper is very kind.     那个零售店主非常和善。　
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The clouds threatened a big storm.     乌云预示着暴风雨即将来临。
His speech was frequently interrupted by stormy applause.     他的演说不时被暴风雨般的掌声打断。
That is a house of six stories.     那是一栋六层楼的房子。
He is reading a storybook on the deities of ancient Greece.     他正在读一本关于古希腊诸神的故事书。
A storyteller in western Africa who perpetuates the oral tradition and history of a village or family.     西非歌舞艺人在西非地区保持村落或家族口头传统和历史的讲故事者
She's growing rather stout.     她有点发胖。
example sentence not found
The Chief of Police stoutly denied the accusation.     警察局长坚决否认这个指控。
He cooks his meal with a gas stove.     他用煤气炉做饭。
The cabin was stowed with supplies for the trip.     舱里装满了航行用的必需品。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
An option to buy or sell a stock, including put, call, spread, and straddle.     优先购买权买卖股票的选择权，包括投资、交货、买卖差额和买空卖空
example sentence not found
Vines are straggling over the fences.     藤蔓在篱笆上爬着。　
He drew a straight line on the paper.     他在纸上画了一条直线。
He has such a strange voice that it's difficult to keep a straight face when he's talking.     他的声音很古怪, 说起话来很难让人不笑.
I told him straight off what I thought about the matter.     我立刻告诉了他我对此事的看法。
Straighten up your ideas!     要改进你的观念！
Frank; straightforward; blunt.     坦率；直接的；毫不含糊的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Too heavy a load will strain the rope to its breaking point.     负载过重会把绳子拉紧到崩断的地步。
Struggling to achieve effect; strained and contrived.     紧张的；不自然的努力取得效果的；紧张的，不自然的
The door is rather strait.     这门相当窄。
I hear you are in poor financial straits.     我听说你处于经济困难之中。
The Strand is one of London's busiest thoroughfares.     斯特兰德大街是伦敦最热闹的要道之一。
The stranded hulk of a severely damaged ship.     遇难船的残骸严重毁坏而搁浅的船体
He stood in a strange street.     他站在一条陌生的街道上。
The whole evening seems strangely unreal.     整个晚上的事似乎如梦幻般令人惊奇。
They taught the little boy not to talk to strangers.     他们教育小男孩不要和陌生人说话。
The hooligan strangled her with a piece of string.     那流氓用一根绳子把她勒死了。
example sentence not found
The slave was strapped to death.     这个奴隶被鞭打死。
example sentence not found
They have worked out the stratagem to attack the enemy.     他们已经想出了攻击敌人的策略。
We made a strategic withdrawal, so that we could build up our forces for a renewed attack.     我们作了一次战略性退却，以便我们能积蓄力量再次进攻。
example sentence not found
I think we should work out a strategy to deal with this situation.     我想我们应该制订出一项行动计划，用来对付这种情况。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
A problem that cuts across all strata of society     一个影响到一切社会阶层的问题。
She was drinking juice through a straw.     她正在用吸管喝果汁。
They grew strawberries in their garden.     他们在园中种了草莓。
Our cat strayed from home.     我们的猫从家中走失了。
He disappeared round the corner like a streak of lightning.     他快如闪电般地从拐角处消失。
Visitors to the exhibition came in an endless stream.     参观展览会的人络绎不绝。
There are many streamers in front of the restaurant.     饭店门前有许多长条旗。
People were streaming out of the station.     人们涌出了车站.
We must streamline our production procedures.     我们必须精简生产程序以提高效率.
I had seen photographs of women that streamlined their shapes and made them look so alluring that you knew it was all a trick, that once the spell was broken, and they moved, you would see that they were just ordinary women.     我见过有些女人的照片。她们使自己的身体呈流线型，看上去如此迷人，明摆着是唬人的。这层魔障一旦被打破，她们一走起来，就能看出她们也不过是些寻常女子。
They crossed the street and went into the shop.     他们穿过街道，进了商店。
A device at the front end of a locomotive or streetcar designed to push aside obstructions.     防护板火车机车或公共汽车前端用来推开障碍物的装置
example sentence not found
I have hardly enough strength left to move my feet.     我连移动双脚的力气都几乎没有了。
The wind strengthened during the night.     风在夜间刮得更猛了。
He made strenuous attempts to stop her.     他为阻止她作出了极大的努力。
A psychotic disorder characterized by delusions of persecution or grandeur, often strenuously defended with apparent logic and reason.     妄想狂，偏执狂一种通常用表面的逻辑和道理来设想的具烦扰或夸大妄想特征的精神错乱症
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We led a hard life in times of stress.     在困难时期我们过着艰苦的生活。
The cure for stress lies in learning to relax.     消除紧张的方法在於学会放松。
She finds her new teaching job very stressful.     她觉得新的教学工作非常紧张.
The painter stretched the canvas on a frame.     画家把油画布紧绷在画框上。
An ambulance officer brought a stretcher for the injured woman.     救护车工作人员带来了一副担架抢救那位受伤的女子。
There are papers strewn all over the floor.     地板上到处撒满了纸。
There are papers strewn all over the floor.     地板上到处撒满了纸。
example sentence not found
Medical supplies are being dropped to the stricken area.     目前正将医药用品空投到灾区.
The teacher is very strict with his students.     老师对他的学生非常严格。
Strictly speaking, he's not qualified for the job.     严格说来，他没有资格做这份工作。
example sentence not found
China is striding ahead in her economic construction.     中国正在经济建设方面大步前进。
example sentence not found
A loud, strident noise.     大而刺耳的声音
example sentence not found
These firms are at strife.     这几家商行彼此不和。
I've struck on a plan for solving the problem.     我突然想起一个解决这个问题的办法。
example sentence not found
A striker was substituted for a midfield player in the last half-hour of play.     在比赛的最后30分钟里，一个中场运动员被一个强攻手替换了下去。
I was attracted by the striking idea.     我被这个惊人的想法吸引住了。
Fine clothes added to his strikingly handsome appearance.     华丽的服装使他那极其英俊的外貌更为增色.
We have had a string of complaints about the program.     我们已经收到了对该节目的一连串投诉。
example sentence not found
The strings of a piano vibrate when the keys are struck.     钢琴的琴键一弹琴弦就振动出声.
We'll have to strip the engine down to find the fault.     我们得把发动机拆卸开来找出毛病。
example sentence not found
Tigers have orange fur with black stripes.     老虎的皮毛是橘黄色的，带有黑色条纹。
He was wearing striped pajamas.     他穿着带条纹的睡衣裤。
Tigers have orange fur with black stripes.     老虎的皮毛是橘黄色的，带有黑色条纹。
He is a young man, hardly more than a stripling.     他是个小伙子，尚不及而立之年。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He strove for recognition as an artist.     他为获得艺术家的声誉而奋斗。
Striving to overcome in argument; combative.     好争议的努力争取在争论中获胜的；好战的
He strode over the stream.     他大步跨过溪流。
I can't swim yet, but I've made a few strokes with my arms.     我还不会游泳，但我用胳膊划了几下。
My sister and I strolled through the streets after supper.     晚饭后，我妹妹和我在街上散步。
A parade of strollers on the mall.     在购物中心的一群游逛者
I often see them strolling happily arm in arm.     我经常看到他们幸福地挽臂散步。
example sentence not found
She is not strong in English.     她英语不好。
The strongest man does not necessarily live the longest.     最强壮的人未必活得最久。
Here is a stronghold of republicanism.     这儿是共和主义运动的据点。
But we shall always hope to find them strongly supporting their own freedom, and to remember that in the past, those who foolishly sought power by riding the back of the tiger ended up inside.     但我们始终希望看到他们坚强地维护自己的自由－－而且要记住，在历史上，凡愚蠢地狐假虎威者，终必葬身虎口。
example sentence not found
He strove for recognition as an artist.     他为获得艺术家的声誉而奋斗。
The boss struck off 100 dollars from the salary of the employee as fine.     老板从这个雇员的工资里扣除100美元作为罚款。
The building is structurally sound.     这座建筑物结构很坚固。
You need to structure your arguments more carefully.     你需要更为仔细地组织自己的论点。
In structured analysis, the study of shapes and forms, herein with respect to the structure of modular hierarchies and organizations.     在结构分析中，研究形状和格式的科学。此处指对模块层次和组织的结构的研究。
He struggled with his assailants and eventually drove them off.     他同攻击他的人进行搏斗，最后把他们赶走了。
He sat there strumming a guitar.     他坐在那儿漫不经心地弹吉他。
Beyond the river, supported on struts, rose the flat-topped house.     河对岸那间平顶屋耸立在几根柱子上。
example sentence not found
The crayon had been worn down to a stub.     这枝蜡笔用得只剩一小段了.
Farmers often burn the stubble after they have cut the corn.     农民们在收割完庄稼后常烧茬子。
He is as stubborn as a mule.     他非常固执。
Stubbornly or perversely persistent.     顽固的顽固地或刚愎地坚持的
example sentence not found
The house is red brick without a covering of stucco.     那房子是红砖砌的，没有用灰泥粉刷。
Help! I'm stuck in the mud!     救命啊! 我陷进泥里不能动了!
example sentence not found
I saw diamond studs in her ears.     我看见她耳朵上戴着的钻石耳钉。
How many students are there in your class?     你们班有多少个学生？
She spoke with studied politeness.     她故作有礼地讲话。
Austrian psychologist. He shared a1973 Nobel Prize for studies of individual and social behavior patterns.     洛伦茨，康拉德・扎迦利1903－1989奥地利心理学家。因在个人与社会行为方式方面的研究而获1973年诺贝尔奖
She must be in the television studio at the moment.     她现在一定在电视演播室。
example sentence not found
Scientists are studying the photographs of Mars for signs of life.     科学家们正在研究火星的照片，寻求生命的迹象。
He stuffed the apples into the bag.     他把苹果塞进袋子里。
Finely ground and highly spiced meat, fish, or poultry that is served alone or used in stuffing.     五香碎肉单独使用或用作填料的细细地切过并加很多香料的肉、鱼或家禽
Our office is really stuffy.     我们的办公室很闷。
Their unhelpfulness has stultified our efforts to improve things.     他们不管事, 我们为改进工作的用心也就白费了.
I stumbled over a tree root.     我在一个树根上绊了一跤。
It's a good plan, but the opposition of the local people may be a stumbling block.     这是一个好计划，不过当地人的反对可能成为一大障碍。
He stumped angrily out of the room.     他气愤地跺着脚走出了房间。
She sat stunned for a while, until she recovered.     她一时昏迷，坐下呆了一会儿才醒过来。
Her ingratitude stung him.     她的忘恩负义使他痛心。
His plays are distinguished only by their stunning mediocrity.     他的戏剧与众不同之处就是平凡得出奇.
example sentence not found
Her latest stunt is riding a motor cycle through a ring of flames.     她的最新特技表演是骑摩托车钻火圈。
example sentence not found
I was stupefied by what I read.     我读到的内容把我惊呆了.
The opera was quite stupendous.     这部歌剧很精彩。
I think he was born stupid.     我认为他生来就愚笨。
Your stupidity will drive me to (ie make me feel) despair.     你愚蠢得使我寒心.
Stupor induced by a narcotic.     麻醉性昏睡麻醉药引起的昏迷状态
example sentence not found
A sturdy cylindrical container for storing liquids; a barrel.     桶贮存液体的坚固的圆筒状容器；桶
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I wouldn't tell lies to you; that's not my style.     我不会跟你撒谎，那不是我的风格。
Conforming to the current style; stylish.     时髦的符合流行式样的；流行的
The stylist did a real job on my hair.     发型师把我的头发剪糟了
example sentence not found
An ornamental device, as in stonework or weaving, consisting of stylized vine leaves and tendrils.     螺层一种含有很风格化的藤叶和卷须的装饰结构，如石制品或纺织品上
A term sometimes applied to a stylus in a thermal matrix printer.     有时用来指热敏点阵打印机的触针的一个术语。
I was completely stymied by her refusal to help.     由於她拒不相助, 我完全陷入了困境.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I had to sub for the referee, who was sick.     裁判病了, 我得代为裁判.
example sentence not found
He found in India that subalterns were two a penny and invited nowhere.     在印度，中尉和少尉军官多得不值钱，在哪儿也不会成为座上客。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Small as they are, atom is made up of still smaller unit know as subatomic particle.     原子虽小，但它们是由更小的称为亚原子粒的单位组成的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
One's conscious motives are often different from one's subconscious ones.     一个人有明显动机的举动跟下意识的举动往往截然不同.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The subculture associated with psychedelic drugs.     迷幻世界与迷幻药有关的亚文化
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Part of the building has been subdivided into offices.     这座大楼的一部分隔开用作办公室了.
A subdivision of a bodily organ or part bounded by fissures, connective tissue, or other structural boundaries.     叶身体器官和部分的细分部分，由裂纹、连接组织或其他组织边界粘连
He managed to subdue his mounting anger.     他设法克制住了阵阵愤怒。
example sentence not found
How many subjects are you studying this semester?     这学期你选了几门课程？
The speaker's subject matter was better than his presentation.     演讲者所讲的内容要比他的演讲本身好。
The nation was kept in subjection.     这个民族已经沦为附庸。
A literary style characterized by the use of details and mental associations to evoke subjective and sensory impressions rather than the re-creation of objective reality.     印象主义一种文学风格，其特征是利用对细节和感情的描述而不是通过对客观的现实的再创造，来唤起主观的或感觉的印象
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
There is a clause in the contract forbidding tenants to sublet.     合同中有一条款禁止承租人转租房屋。
The comet's ice, heated by the sun, rapidly and spectacular sublimate to gas.     彗星上的冰块在太阳热的作用下迅速而壮观地升华成气体。
example sentence not found
Interrupting an opera on television for a pet-food commercial is going from the sublime to the ridiculous.     在电视播演歌剧时插播宠物食品广告真是煞风景.
example sentence not found
They are building a submarine cable tunnel.     他们正在建设一条海底电缆隧道。
At the first sign of danger the submarine will submerge.     一有危险迹象，潜艇就会潜入水中。
Her happiness at seeing him submerged her former worries.     她看到他非常高兴，顿时完全忘记了先前的烦恼。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Tomorrow is the last date for submission of entries for the competition.     明天是提交参赛表格的最后期限。
He is a humble and submissive servant.     他是个恭顺的仆人。
We should submit our plans to the council for approval.     我们应该向理事会提交计划以求批准。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He subordinated his wishes to the general good of the group.     他使自己的愿望服从于集体的利益。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Failure of a witness or party to appear in response to a subpoena or notice.     不出庭证人或当事人接到传票或通知后未出现
example sentence not found
A subroutine or set of data contained sequentially within another.     子程序包含在其它程序中的程序或一组连续数
We subscribe to an animal protection society.     我们定期捐款给一个动物保护基金会。
The magazine is trying to get more subscribers.     该杂志正在努力发展更多的订阅者。
example sentence not found
Have you handed in your subscription?     你交订阅费了吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They made plans for a visit, but subsequent difficulties with the car prevented it.     我们原计划去游览，但后来汽车出了故障，没有去成。
He said he was a doctor, but it subsequently emerged that he was an impostor.     他说他是位医生，但后来却发现他是个骗子。
example sentence not found
People should not be regarded as subservient to the economic system.     不应把人的因素看成是经济体制的附庸.
For a universal set, the set of all elements in the set that are not in a specified subset.     补集对任意一个集合，这个集合的所有元素不共存在于它的任一子集合
The flood gradually subsided.     洪水正逐渐退去。
Most of the group profit is contributed by the subsidiary in the far east.     集团的大部分利润是由远东的子公司缴纳。
example sentence not found
The islanders don't want to leave, and probably wouldn't if there were a subsidy to reduce freight charges. But they don't see that happening.     岛上居民不愿离开；要是有补助金使运输费用降低的话，他们很可能不会离开。但是，他们对补助金并不存奢望。
He subsisted mainly on vegetables and fruit.     他主要靠蔬菜和水果维持生命。
But the harsh words of the father in a drunken moment of excessive ancestral pride cause a dignified departure with the conciliatory donation of half her means of subsistence and the intimation that she is rejoining her husband.     但父亲在一次酒后的刺耳话语中说了一些有关家世过分骄矜的话，使苔丝傲然离开了家。她把自己一半的生活费留给父母，并告诉他们她要去找丈夫团聚。
Permanently frozen subsoil, occurring throughout the Polar Regions and locally in perennially frigid areas.     永冻土永久冰冻的下层土壤，出现在整个北极地区和部分长期寒冷的地区
example sentence not found
There is not anything of real substance in their book.     他们的书中没有什么实质性的内容。
example sentence not found
We are in substantial agreement.     我们实际上意见一致。
The part of a charge or an accusation that weighs most substantially against the accused.     控诉，申诉指控或控告的一部分，针对被控方起着极重要的作用
Can you substantiateyour accusations against him?     你指责他, 能提出事实根据吗?
A noun or substantive that receives or is affected by the action of a verb within a sentence.     宾语一个句子中接受动词的动作或受之影响的名词或名词性词组
example sentence not found
We substituted a red ball for blue to see if the baby would notice.     我们用红皮球换下了蓝皮球，看这婴儿会不会发觉。
Two substitutions (ie of players) were made during the match.     在比赛中换了两次人.
Microelectronic circuits in which the passive components and their metallic interconnections are formed directly on an insulating substrate and the active semiconductor devices(usually in wafer form) are added subsequently.     一种微电子电路器件，其中的无源元件及内部金属连线直接在绝缘衬底上形成，然后再加上有源半导体器件（通常以大圆片形式给出）。
example sentence not found
This creature can be subsumed in the class of reptiles.     这种生物可以归入爬行动物一类.
The routing or controlling routines of Subsystem Support Services. This routine provides multitasking and control support, on a priority basis, for all Subsystem Support Services functions.     子系统支持服务程序的路径选择或控制程序。此程序根据所有子系统支持服务功能的优先级提供多任务和控制支持。
Her claim to be a journalist was simply a subterfuge to get into the theatre without paying.     她自称是记者, 这只是个看戏不买票的花招而已.
example sentence not found
The title, subtitle, or topic that stands at the top or beginning, as of a paragraph, letter, or chapter.     标题，题目出现在（如段落、信件或章节）顶部或开始处的标题、副题或论题
She has a subtle charm.     她有难以形容的魅力。
Such philosophical subtleties are beyond my reach.     这种深奥的哲理我可无法理解。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
If you subtract 2 from 8, you get 6.     8减去2是6。
Two from five is a simple subtraction.     五减二是简单的减法.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
This country has a subtropical climate.     这个国家属于亚热带气候。
A village of northeast Illinois, an industrial suburb of Chicago on the Chicago River. Population, 28,284.     奈尔斯美国伊利诺斯州东北部的一个村落，是芝加哥河沿岸芝加哥市的一个工业郊区。人口28，284
I like to breathe the fresh air in suburban places.     我喜欢在郊外呼吸新鲜空气。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The branch of an intelligence service charged with keeping sensitive information from an enemy, deceiving that enemy, preventing subversion and sabotage, and collecting political and military information.     反情报组织情报组织的一个分支，任务是使敌人得不到高级机密，欺骗敌人，避免颠覆和阴谋破坏并收集政治和军事情况
They are contaminating the minds of our young people with these subversive ideas.     他们这些颠覆性的思想是对我们年轻人的精神污染。
A plot or scheme intended to subvert another plot.     反计策意在破坏另一计谋的计策或计划
example sentence not found
I want to get there by subway.     我想乘地铁去那儿。
If you work hard you will succeed.     如果你努力工作，你就会成功。
She's just started up a new company; I hope she makes a success of it.     她新开办了一家公司，我希望她取得成功。
They are highly successful in business.     他们经商非常成功。
At last he successfully solved the problem.     最后他终于成功地解决了这个问题。
There are a succession of rainy days here.     这里一连好几天都是雨天。
Continuity is ensured by using the same props in successive scenes.     在连续的场景中使用同样的道具以确保前後衔接.
Diana won five championships in women's high jump successively in the five years.     戴安娜在五年内连续获得五次女子跳高冠军称号。
His successor as the chairman will be at the conference.     接替他担任主席的人将参加本次会议。
A short, succinct statement.     简短，扼要的陈述
These refugees are very grateful to the government's succor.     这些难民非常感激政府的救援。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Several children have measles, and the others are bound to succumb (to it).     有几个孩子患了麻疹, 其他孩子也必然传染上.
Such people can help you a lot.     这样的人对你大有帮助。
Don't suck your thumb; it's so dirty.     别舔手指头，太脏了。
I've always been a sucker for romantic movies.     我一向喜欢传奇性的影片。
She suckles her baby hardly.     她艰难地哺育孩子。
A sucrose infusion.     蔗糖输入液
Some pumps and all vacuum cleaners work by suction.     有些泵和所有真空吸尘器都是借吸力工作的。
A unit of currency in Egypt, Lebanon, Sudan, and Syria.     皮阿斯特埃及、黎巴嫩、苏丹和叙利亚的一种货币单位
example sentence not found
His sudden death upset everybody.     他的突然去世使大家深感悲伤。
His sudden death upset everybody.     他的突然去世使大家深感悲伤。
We were talking on the phone when, suddenly, the line went dead.     我们正通着电话，突然电话断了。
example sentence not found
Jill and Sue are at variance (with each other) over/about their lodger.     吉尔和休在对待房客的问题上（彼此）意见不和.
example sentence not found
The Suez Canal joins the Mediterranean and the Red Sea.     苏伊士运河连接著地中海和红海.
They suffered huge losses in the financial crisis.     他们在经济危机时遭受了巨大的损失。
Relief was quickly sent to the sufferers from the great fire.     救济品很快被送到遭受火灾的灾民手中。
She bore her sufferings bravely.     她勇敢地承受艰难困苦。
An hour should suffice for the journey.     这点路程一小时足够了。
example sentence not found
There is sufficient food for everybody.     有足够的饭菜供大家吃。
I don't think he's sufficiently dedicated to stay the course.     我认为他不够坚定，不会坚持到底的。
A diminutive suffix, word, or name.     微小表微小的后缀、单词或名称
I'm suffocating in here; can't we open a few windows?     我觉得这儿很憋气, 咱们开几扇窗户好吗?
The heat was tolerable at night but suffocating during the day.     这种炎热的天气在夜晚尚能忍受，但白天就令人感到呼吸困难。
When was universal suffrage introduced in your country?     贵国是什么时候实行普选权的？
A blush suffused his cheeks.     他瞬间满脸通红.
He put some sugar into his coffee.     他往咖啡里加了些糖。
example sentence not found
His pale face suggests bad health.     他面色苍白，说明他身体不好。
I suggested putting the matter to a vote, but the chairman demurred to it.     我建议对此事投票表决，但主席表示反对。
I did many stupid things when I was young and suggestible.     我年轻时受外界的影响做过不少傻事。
Can you give me any suggestion on this matter?     关于这件事，你能给我一些建议吗？
There is an aroma suggestive of spring flowers in the room.     这房间里有一种香气，使人想起春天的花朵。
She's feeling suicidal today.     她今天想自杀.
She tried to commit suicide, but we saved her life by chance.     她试图自杀，但我们碰巧救了她。
He is wearing a black suit.     他穿着一套黑西装。
What time is suitable for us to meet?     我们什么时候会面合适？
Components must suitably packed for delivery to site.     部件必须适应包装以便运送到目的地。
Travelling is difficult when you're encumbered with two small children and a heavy suitcase.     旅行时带着两个孩子和一个沉重的手提箱，真是寸步难行。
He brought a three-piece suite.     他买了三件一套的家具。
He is better suited to a job with older pupils.     他较适合教小学高年级学生。
She refused her suitor.     她拒绝了求婚者。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
What color is copper sulfate solution?     硫酸铜溶液是什么颜色？
Sulfur can be used to make gunpowder.     硫磺可以用来制造火药。
He's been sulking for days about being left out of the team.     他嗔怪队里没要他, 连日生著闷气.
example sentence not found
She never laughed and became very sullen.     她再也没有笑过，变得郁郁寡欢。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Before Anne Sullivan came to our house, one or two people had told my mother that I was an idiot.     在安妮・莎莉文来到我们家之前，有些人曾对我母亲说过我是个白痴。
I wouldn't sully my hands by acceptinga bribe.     我决不接受贿赂, 一尘不染.
Sulphur can be used to make gunpowder.     硫磺可以用来制造火药。
example sentence not found
Sultan is sovereign ruler of certain Muslim countries.     苏丹是某些穆斯林国家的最高统治者。
She is a sultry western beauty.     她是位性感的西方美人。
I had to spend a large sum of money to get it back.     我得花一大笔钱才把它弄回来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Such an offence will lead to a summary fine.     这类过错要当场予以罚款。
The exhibition was a summation of his life's work.     这次展览汇集了他一生中典型的作品.
That was the high summer of English literature.     当时是英国文学的全盛时期。
example sentence not found
The Hungarian view is magnificent from the summit of the mountains.     从群山之颠看到的匈牙利景色非常壮丽。
He summoned his soldiers to fight.     他号召部下战斗。
The shareholders were summoned to a general meeting.     那些股东被召集去叁加股东大会。
example sentence not found
The poor girl was astonished by the sumptuous furnishings of the mansion.     这个贫穷的女孩被大厦里的豪华的陈设惊呆了。
The sun shines brightly.     阳光灿烂。
He have a habit of sunbathe for two hours a day.     他习惯每天做两小时日光浴。
My son is really a sunbeam.     我儿子真是一个快乐的人。
Browned by the sun; sunburned.     晒黑的被太阳晒成棕色的；晒黑的
His hard hands and sinewy sunburnt limbs told of labor and endurance.     他粗糙的双手，被太阳哂得发黑的健壮四肢，均表明他十分辛勤，非常耐劳。
example sentence not found
Christians go to church on Sundays.     基督教徒每个星期日到教堂去做礼拜。
The boat was sundered by the rock.     船被岩石撞碎了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It is getting along toward sundown.     快到日落的时候了。
My expenses claim includes 15 for sundries.     我的报销申请中包括 15 英镑杂项支出.
They prepared rice, flour and sundry other items of food for the poor.     他们为穷人准备了米，面及其它各种食物。
Sunflowers are large flowers with yellow petals.     向日葵是长着黄色花瓣的大花。
The last verse will be sung in unison.     歌词的最后部分要齐唱。
example sentence not found
Valuable raw materials were salvaged (from the sunken freighter).     （从沉船中）打捞起许多贵重的原料.
Don't read in the sunlight.     别在阳光下看书。
example sentence not found
It is sunny today.     今天天气晴朗。
The beauty of the sunrise is beyond description.     日出的美景难以描述。
example sentence not found
The sunset is gorgeous.     落日辉煌。
I was sitting in the garden enjoying the sunshine.     我坐在庭院里享受明媚的阳光。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They supped on bread and cheese.     他们吃面包和奶酪当晚餐。
I'll be a super secretary for you.     我将成为你极好的秘书。
Are you still riding that superannuated old bike?     你还骑那辆老掉牙的自行车吗?
I like our country's superb view.     我喜欢我们国家壮丽的景色。
example sentence not found
Affecting an attitude of disdain or conceit; haughty and supercilious.     傲慢的摆出轻蔑或自满的样子的；高傲且盛气凌人的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is too superficial to appreciate great literature like this.     他太肤浅，无法欣赏这类文学巨著。
example sentence not found
The teacher pruned the student's article of its superfluities.     老师删去这个学生文章中的多余内容。
He has already been told, so our comments are superfluous.     早就有人同他说过，所以我们的意见是多余的。
example sentence not found
A superhighway will be constructed next year.     明年将要修建一条超级高速公路。
example sentence not found
He was appointed to superintend the toy department.     他获任玩具部的负责人。
I hope he went fishing and comes back tomorrow, but I wouldn't bet my paycheck on it,  said state police superintendent Clinton Pagano….     州警察局长帕加诺说，我希望他钓鱼去了，明天就回来。但是我可不愿意拿我的薪水打赌（并无十分把握）。……
He smiled a superior smile as he drove past in his expensive new car.     他开着那辆豪华的新车驶过时，傲慢的微微一笑。
British-born American anthropologist whose books, such as The Natural Superiority of Women(1953), helped popularize anthropology.     蒙塔古，阿什利生于1905英裔美国人类学家，其著作如女性的自然优越性（1953年），促进了人类学的普及
example sentence not found
He's a kind of intellectual superman.     他是智力超常的人.
The supermarket sells goods of all descriptions.     超级市场销售各种货物。
example sentence not found
An image of a female supernatural being; an idol.     女性偶象一超自然的女性偶象；偶象
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The superpowers are unlikely to disarm completely.     超级大国不太可能彻底裁军.
Different words with the same spelling are distinguished in this dictionary by superscript numbers.     本词典在同形异义词的右上角标注数字以资区别.
Motorways have largely superseded ordinary roads for long-distance travel.     高速公路多已取代了普通公路.
example sentence not found
Have you taken supersonic aircraft?     你坐过超音速飞机吗?
The newspaper puff up that new athlete into a superstar     报界把那个新运动员吹捧成为超级明星。
It's a common superstition that black cats are unlucky.     认为黑猫不吉利，这是一种普遍的迷信思想。
He has a superstitious thought that black cat are unlucky.     他有一种迷信的想法认为黑猫不吉祥。
The frame or body of a ship, exclusive of masts, engines, or superstructure.     船壳，船体船的框架或主体，不包括桅杆、发动机和上层建筑
example sentence not found
The chief clerk supervises the work of the department.     文书组长负责监督该部门的工作.
Children should not be left to play without supervision.     孩子玩的时候不能无人照看。
The university students handed in their essays to their supervisor.     大学生们把文章交给导师审阅。
In telephony, the use of tones to transmit supervisory, address and alerting signals over a circuit.     在电话技术中，利用音调在电路中传送监控、地址和报警信号的做法。
example sentence not found
Have you had your supper?     你吃过晚饭了吗？
example sentence not found
She has been supplanted by another in his affections.     他爱上了另一个人，不再爱她了。
Exercise keeps you supple.     经常锻炼可使身体灵活。
I supplement my scholarship by working in the evening.     我除了享受奖学金外还打夜工以增加收入。
example sentence not found
A supplementary grant may be awarded at the discretion of the committee.     委员会可能酌情追加一笔补助金.
He asked for help in a suppliant attitude.     他以恳求的态度要我帮忙。
example sentence not found
He supplicates me to help.     他向我求助。
The equipment must be bought from a supplier approved by the company.     设备必须从公司认可的供应商那里购买。
At any rate, the medical supplies will reach you within a week.     无论如何, 医疗物资会在一周内到达。
The merchant supplies goods to them.     商人向他们供应货物。
He needs a high income to support such a large family.     他需要有高收入才能供养得起这样一个大家庭。
The government's supporters welcomed the new law.     拥护政府的人都欢迎新颁布的法规。
The speaker's supporters were planted in the audience and applauded loudly.     听众中安插了演讲人的支持者；他们使劲给他鼓掌。
The government should not waste money supporting lame ducks.     政府不应浪费资金去扶持那些无望的企业.
She has been very supportive during my illness.     我患病期间她帮了我很大忙。
We suppose that the situation will improve.     我们认为形势会好转。
The supposed beggar was really a police officer in disguise.     那个众人眼中的乞丐，其实是化了装的警察。
This picture is supposedly worth more than a million pounds.     这幅画大概值一百万镑以上.
Supposing we sign the contract tomorrow.     让我们明天就签约吧。
We must not condemn her on pure supposition.     我们不能单凭猜测就谴责她。
example sentence not found
All these movements were suppressed by the warlord government.     所有这些运动都受到军阀政府的镇压。
Suppression of the immune response, as by drugs or radiation, in order to prevent the rejection of grafts or transplants or control autoimmune diseases.     免疫抑制通过药物或放射治疗实现的对免疫反应的抑制，目的在于阻止对移植物或移植的排斥或者来控制自身免疫病
example sentence not found
That country achieved military supremacy over neighbouring countries.     那个国家获得了超越邻边国家的军事优势。
It was the supreme moment in his life.     那是他一生中最重要的时刻。
Some criticized Clinton's move asa slap in the face of the black community.Others said President Bush showed more guts when he stuck with Clarence Thomas during his Supreme Court nomination fight.     有些人批评克林顿的做法是“对所有黑人的污辱。”另一些人说布什总统在支持托马斯争取最高法院提名时，表现了更大的魄力。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They've surcharged us 10% on the price of the holiday because of a rise in air fares.     因飞机票涨价, 他们在度假费用中向我们增收了10%附加费.
She is sure to pass the examination.     她一定会通过考试。
example sentence not found
You're surely not asking 40 for this book?' Yes it's cheap at the price!'     ｀这本书你绝不会要价40英镑吧?＇｀是40英镑--物有所值啊!＇
Sureness of occurrence or result; inevitability.     必然发生或结局的确定性；必然性
If the waves are big enough, we'll go surfing.     如果浪够大的话，我们就去冲浪。
Beneath that apparently calm surface is a man of fierce temper.     文静的外表掩盖着的是一个火暴脾气的人。
example sentence not found
A surfeit of rich food is bad for you.     多吃油腻食物对身体有害。
example sentence not found
If the waves are big enough, we'll go surfing.     如果浪够大的话，我们就去冲浪。
Anger surged up within him.     怒火在他心中燃烧。
The surgeon asked him if he felt nervous.     外科医生问他是否感到紧张。
He underwent open-heart surgery.     他接受了体外循环心脏手术。
The doctor performs operations with sterilized surgical instruments.     医生用消过毒的外科手术器械做手术。
Don't look so surly!     别那么横眉立目的！
Your first surmise was right.     你第一次猜得对。
I think most of these obstacles can be surmounted.     我认为这些障碍大多数都是可以克服的。
What is your surname?     你的姓是什么？
Men surpass women in strength.     男人比女人力气大。
We are giving away all our surplus apples.     我们准备把多余的苹果全部送人。
It was a pleasant surprise to learn of her marriage.     得知她结婚是件令人惊喜的事。
In fact I'm rather surprised you haven't done so already.     你还没有这样做，我实在感到惊讶。
It's surprising: they lost!     他们竟然失败了，真没想到！
Swans are surprisingly awkward on land.     天鹅在陆地上笨得出奇.
Meeting you here like this is positively surreal!     像这样与你在此相逢真好比一场梦!
The lexicon of surrealist art.     超现实主义艺术的词汇
They surrendered to the enemy.     他们向敌人投降了。
Characterized by stealth; surreptitious.     秘密的偷偷摸摸的；鬼鬼祟祟的
The girl went to the museum by a surrey.     那个女孩坐着一辆四轮双座轻便马车去博物馆了。
Fiction is a poor surrogate for real experience.     小说中的事远逊於实际体验.
We are surrounded by dangers.     我们的处境危机四伏。
The surrounding villages have been absorbed by/into the growing city.     周围的村庄已经并入了那不断扩展的城市.
Animals in zoos are not in their natural surroundings.     动物园里的动物不是生活在自然环境中。
The act of observing closely or the condition of being closely observed; surveillance.     密切注视密切注视的行为或被密切注视的状态；监视
We stood on the top of the mountain and surveyed the countryside.     我们站在山顶上，眺望乡村。
A line established by sighting in surveying a tract of land.     横断线在测量一块土地时通过目视确定的线
A small flag for marking a position, used especially by surveyors or soldiers.     测量旗用来标记位置的小旗，尤用于测量员或战士
That fashion is a survival from the 1930s.     那种时装是三十年代的遗风。
The human race cannot survive.     人类不能继续生存。
He is the only survivor of the plane crash.     他是那次飞机失事唯一的幸存者。
Susan is in a thoughtful mood.     苏珊心事重重。
Susceptibility to bribery or corruption, as in the use of a position of trust for dishonest gain.     甘受贿赂，贪污腐化易受贿赂或腐败的影响性，如在使用不诚实的收益的信托状况时
The plant is not susceptible to disease.     这种植物不容易受病害侵袭。
example sentence not found
She has more intelligence than we suspected her to possess.     她的智慧比我们猜想的要高。
The policeman was suspended while the complaint was investigated.     因该警察遭投诉，在调查期间已令其暂停职务。
His license was suspended for six months.     他的执照被吊销6个月。
Some boys wear suspenders to keep their trousers up.     有些孩子使用背带来吊住裤子。
Don't keep us in suspense any longer!     别再让我们着急了！
example sentence not found
The headmaster has made a decision of suspension of a pupil from school.     校长已经做出对一名学生停学处分的决定。
And the suspension bridge from hanging vines.     悬索桥受到了悬挂着的藤的启发。
The talks have resulted in a lessening of suspicion.     谈话消减了彼此的怀疑。
His strange behavior made the police suspicious.     他不寻常的举止引起了警察的怀疑。
The customs officer inspected my passport suspiciously.     海关官员颇为怀疑地检查了我的护照.
The foundations were not strong enough to sustain the weight of the house.     这地基不够牢固，无法承受房屋的重量。
A system of physical conditioning designed to enhance circulatory and respiratory efficiency that involves vigorous, sustained exercise, such as jogging, swimming, or cycling, thereby improving the body's utilization of oxygen.     有氧健身法旨在增强循环和呼吸功效的生理调节体系，包括有力的、持久的锻炼，例如慢跑、游泳或骑自行车，从而提高肌体对氧气的利用
She is weak from lack of sustenance.     她因缺乏营养而虚弱。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Little Tom swabbed up the gravy with crusty bread.     小汤姆用硬面包把肉汁抹得干干净净。
example sentence not found
Don't swagger (around) just because you got the job.     别因为得到了这份工作就得意忘形.
example sentence not found
She was swallowed up by the crowd and we lost sight of her.     她淹没在人群之中，我们看不到她了。
As he swam, he thrashed the water with his hand.     他游泳时用手拍打水。
The heavy rain has turned the small garden into a swamp.     大雨使这小花园变成了一块沼泽地。
example sentence not found
Full of or resembling mire; swampy.     沼泽般的充满了淤泥的或似沼泽的；泥沼的
A black swan is rare.     黑天鹅很稀有。
Don't be such a swank!     别那麽招摇!
A borough of southern Wales west-northwest of Cardiff. It is an industrial port on Swansea Bay, an inlet of the Bristol Channel. Population, 188,500.     斯旺西威尔士南部市镇，位于卡迪夫西北偏西。是布里斯托尔海峡的小海湾斯旺西湾的一个工业港口。人口188，500
As you like my dress and I like yours, shall we do a swap?     既然你喜欢我的连衣裙而我也喜欢你的，咱们交换好吗？
He has received a swarm of letters.     他已经收到了一大批信件。
The crowd was swarming out through the gates.     人群一窝蜂地从出口涌出.
She has a swarthy complexion.     她的肤色黝黑。
The farmer cut a swathe in the field with his scythe.     农夫用镰刀在地里刈出一条路来。
His power sways the world.     他称霸天下。
They swore an oath to carry out their duties faithfully.     他们发誓要忠实履行自己的职责。
I really sweated over my last essay.     我的确下功夫写了上次那篇文章。
example sentence not found
I had to put on a sweater since it was raining hard outside.     外面在下雨，我不得不套上一件厚运动衫。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He is a Swede.     他是瑞典人。
He was born in Sweden.     他出生于瑞典。
She can understands Swedish quite well.     她懂瑞典语。
She swept the floor clean.     她把地板打扫干净。
I want to buy a carpet sweeper.     我想买一台地毯清扫器。
The streets have been swept free of leaves.     街上的落叶已打扫乾净.
The dish tastes a bit sweet.     这菜有点儿甜味。
example sentence not found
Shall I sweeten your coffee?     我给你的咖啡加点糖好吗？
The firm offers her a generous bonus as a sweetener.     公司提出给她一笔可观的花红藉以拉拢她。
Containing, full of, or sweetened with honey.     多蜜液的含有蜜的，充满了蜜或因蜜变甜的
His sweetheart is a pretty girl.     他的情人是一个可爱的女孩。
The nightingale sings sweetly at night.     这只夜莺夜里唱得很好听。
The slave has never experienced the sweetness of freedom.     这个奴隶从未体验过自由的快乐。
The dentist told the boy not to eat too many sweets.     牙医告诫这男孩不要吃太多糖果。
The wind swelled out the sail.     风吹得船帆鼓了起来。
Wood often swells when wet.     木材潮湿後往往会膨胀.
It's sweltering today.     今天热叫人发昏。
example sentence not found
She swept the floor clean.     她把地板打扫干净。
I will never swerve from my declared policy on this matter.     我决不背离我已经宣布的在这个问题上的政策。
They've been very swift to deny these rumors.     他们在辟谣方面反应迅速。
At a rapid pace; swiftly.     飞快地；迅速地
We condemned the violence in swiftness.     我们立即谴责了那种暴行。
John kept swigging at the bottle of brandy.     约翰对着那瓶白兰地酒大口地喝个不停。
The rugby players were swilling mugs of beer at the bar.     橄榄球运动员正在酒吧间痛饮啤酒。
He can swim breaststroke, backstroke and crawl.     他会游蛙泳、仰泳和自由泳。
The swimmer got cramp in his legs and had to be helped out of the water.     游泳者两腿抽筋，不得不由他人救助出水。
I have two pairs of swimming trunks.     我有两条游泳裤。
There is a swimming pool in the park.     公园里有一个游泳池。
example sentence not found
An instance of cheating; a swindle.     诈骗一个欺诈的例子；诈取
With this customer, he felt himself, as it were, casting pearls before swine.     面对这个客商，他感到好像是在对牛弹琴。
example sentence not found
He took a swing at the tree with his axe.     他挥斧砍树。
That guy is a real swinger.     这个人可真是个时髦人物。
Who's swiped my calculator?     谁把我的计算器偷走了?
Dancers spun in a swirl of skirts.     跳舞的人旋转著, 裙子也不停地打转.
Do not swim in where the water is swirling around; there are dangerous currents.     不要在有漩涡的水域游泳，那里有危险的暗流。
Her skirts gave a swish.     她衣服的下摆发出沙沙声.
But the Swiss did not take their fate lying down.     但是瑞士人并不甘心接受被征服的命运。
Our glasses have been switched this is mine.     咱们的玻璃杯对调了－－这个是我的。
One that announces, especially an electrical signaling device used in hotels or offices to indicate the sources of calls on a switchboard.     信号器，示号器宣告物，尤指饭店或办公室中使用的一种电子信号装置，用来指示交换台上的呼叫信号来源
example sentence not found
Switzerland is famous for its watchmaking and beautiful scenery.     瑞士以制表业和美丽的风景而闻名。
He swivelled (round) in his chair to face us.     他把坐著的转椅转过来面向著我们.
She is suffering from swollen glands.     她正患腺体肿胀病。
The young girls swooned when they saw their favorite pop singer.     年轻的女孩子们一看见她们最喜欢的流行歌星就神魂颠倒起来。
Police made a dawn swoop.     警方於拂晓时发动了突袭.
He came into the room with a sword in his hand.     他手里拿着剑走进了房间。
The President swore to uphold the constitution.     总统宣誓维护宪法。
On October, 1st, John was sworn in as Treasury Secretary.     10月1日约翰宣誓就任财政部长。
I shall have to swot the skill up before I can teach it.     我得先将这门技能刻苦仔细地学到手，然后才能教授它。
A company of guardsmen swung past.     一队卫兵整齐地跑过去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They planted some sycamores in the garden.     他们在花园里种了一些美国梧桐。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I am not sure I follow him right. Does he mean(that) Sydney is an ideal place for old people?     我不清楚我搞懂了他的意思。他是不是说悉尼是老人们生活的理想场所。
example sentence not found
In the word `today' the accent is on the second syllable.     today一字的重音在第二个音节上.
`Hamlet' is on this year's English literature syllabus.     《哈姆雷特》是本学年英国文学教学大纲中规定的作品.
example sentence not found
The tourists are sitting on a sylvan glade.     游客们坐在森林中的一块空地上。
Any of the reciprocal actions or effects, such as symbiosis, that can occur in a community.     （种间）相互作用出现在群落中的相互作用和效应，例如共生现象
example sentence not found
The Cross is the symbol of Christianity.     十字架是基督教的象征。
The power of the monarchy in britain today is more symbolical than real.     今日英国君主的权力多为象征性的，无甚实际意义。
The power of the monarchy in britain today is more symbolical than real.     今日英国君主的权力多为象征性的，无甚实际意义。
example sentence not found
Swedish director whose critically acclaimed films, such as The Silence(1963) and Fanny and Alexander(1983), are characterized by slow pace, laconic dialogue, and heavy use of symbolism to explore the psychological states of the characters.     伯格曼，英马尔生于1918瑞典导演，其受到评论界赞扬的电影，如沉默（1963年）和芬尼和亚历山大（1983年），其特点是慢节奏、对话简洁和大量运用象征手法以揭示人物的心理状态
The poet has symbolized his lover with a flower.     那诗人用花象徵他的爱人.
The plan of the ground floor is completely symmetrical.     一楼的平面图是完全对称的。
The plan of the ground floor is completely symmetrical.     一楼的平面图是完全对称的。
Developing symmetrically about a central point.     对称发展的在一个中心点周围对称发展的
Having no balance or symmetry.     不对称的，不匀称的失去平衡或对称性的
We asked for her support in the election, but she wasn't sympathetic.     我们请求她在选举中给予支持，但她无动于衷。
example sentence not found
I know you feel angry, and I sympathize.     我知道你感到愤怒，我也有同感。
example sentence not found
I felt much sympathy for the blind.     我对盲人深感同情。
In symphonic writing he is the master craftsman.     在交响乐曲的创作上，他堪称技艺大师。
The symphony orchestra will be coming.     交响乐团要来了。
example sentence not found
The abnormal, spasmodic swallowing of air, especially as a symptom of hysteria.     吞气症异常的痉挛性吞气，特指歇斯底里的症状
Is inflation symptomatic of economic decline?     通货膨胀是经济衰退的征兆吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The wheels must synchronize as they revolve.     这些轮子须同速转动.
The periodic variation in speed of a synchronous motor with respect to the current.     （同步电动机的）速度偏差同步电机运行速度的周期性变化
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The song has a syncopated rhythm in the jazz version.     这首歌曲改编为爵士乐後采用了切分音节奏.
The head of a branch of an organized crime syndicate.     黑社会老大，头目有组织的犯罪辛迪加的一个部门头领
The combination of factors, symptoms, or signs of a disease or disorder that forms a syndrome.     综合症状形成综合病症的全部因素、病症、或疾病或失调外在表象的综合特征
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I am thinking about taking a fifth wife; why not? Solomon had a thousand wives and he is a synonym for wisdom.     我在考虑娶第五个妻子；为什么不可以？所罗门王有妻妾一千，而他还是智慧的同义词哩。
Synonymous with illegal: used with instruction code, character, etc.     与“非法”同义，主要用在：置于指令码、字符等前面，构成禁用指令码、禁用字符等。
An abbreviated list, as of contents; a synopsis.     简表一个扼要的（如内容的）条目；大纲
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The two elements are synthesized by a chemical process.     这两种元素已经化学合成.
Martha somehow rounded up a moog synthesizer and two guitar.     玛莎不知道那里找来一个慕格电子音响合成器和两把吉他。
This shelf was made of synthetic resin.     这个架子是合成树脂做的。
A soft woven cloth of wool or a blend of wool and cotton or synthetics.     法兰绒用羊毛、羊毛与棉纱或化纤的混合物织成的一种柔软的布
example sentence not found
An ancient region of southwest Palestine. Strategically located on a trade route from Egypt to Syria, the cities of the region formed a loose confederacy important in biblical times.     非利士巴勒斯坦西南一古代地区，战略上位于从埃及到叙利亚的贸易路线上，在圣经时代，这个地区的城市形成了一个松散的同盟重地
The ancient Syrian and Phoenician goddess of sexual love and fertility.     阿什托雷思古代叙利亚和腓尼基人的性爱与繁殖女神
An article, such as a paper diaper or hypodermic syringe, that can be disposed of after one use.     用后即丢弃的物品，一次性物品用后即可丢弃的物品，如纸制尿布或皮下注射器
Take one dose of this cough syrup three times a day.     每天服三次这种止咳糖浆，每次服一剂量。
What are the difference between the American and British systems of government?     英美两国的政府体制有什么不同？
The systematic arrangement of chairs makes the hall look spacious.     座椅按照顺序排列，这使得礼堂里显得很宽敞。
A structure through which individuals cooperate systematically to conduct business.     组织一群人有系统地合作以开展活动的所建立的结构
We must try to systematize the way we do the accounts.     我们必须力求把记帐方法制度化.
The main trunk of the systemic arteries, carrying blood from the left side of the heart to the arteries of all limbs and organs except the lungs.     主动脉系统血管的主干道，将血液由心脏左侧输送到除肺部以外的所有肢体及器官的动脉里
I've tried Cantonese, Hunan and Szechwan food and they differ quite considerably.     我试过广东，湖南和四川菜，他们都颇为不同。
I'll pick up the tab.     我来付账。
He was forbidden to walk into the tabernacle.     他被禁止走进礼拜堂。
The table legs are screwed to the floor.     这张桌子的腿是用螺丝固定在地板上的。
example sentence not found
The racket used in various games, such as table tennis or racquets.     球拍用于各种运动的球拍，如乒乓球和网球的球拍
example sentence not found
She smoothed out wrinkles out of the tablecloth.     她把桌布上的皱褶弄平。
example sentence not found
Add one level (ie not heaped) tablespoon of sugar.     加一平餐匙糖.
example sentence not found
The doctor told him to take two tablets of aspirin before every meal.     医生告诉他每天饭前吃两片阿斯匹林。
example sentence not found
I never read the tabloids.     我从来不看小报。
Sex is no longer the taboo subject it used to be.     现在不再像过去那样把性的问题视为禁区。
example sentence not found
Let's keep tabs on expenditures.     让们密切注意开支情况
An annual publication including calendars with weather forecasts, astronomical information, tide tables, and other related tabular information.     年历；历书一种年度出版物，包括含天气预报、天文信息、潮汐图表和其它相关表格信息的日历
Please tabulate the numbers in order.     请把那些数字按顺序制成表。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My mother tacked the sleeves on before sewing them.     我妈妈在把袖子缝好之前，先用大针脚把它缝好。
What's the best way to tackle this problem?     什么是解决这个问题的最好方法？
Apply solution to the tube and allow to become tacky.     在内胎上涂抹胶水并让它发粘。
example sentence not found
Tact consists in knowing how far we may go too far.     机智在于知道自己可以过分到什么程度。
She gets them to accept these changes by tactful management.     她用机智的手段使他们接受了这些改变。
You dealt with an awkward situation very tactfully.     你很巧妙地处理了一个困难的局面.
A fair tactic.     合宜的策略
A versatile aircraft capable of functioning as a fighter and a bomber chiefly in tactical and defensive operations.     战斗轰炸机一种主要用于战斗和防卫的多功能通用飞机，可行使战斗机和轰炸机的功能
These tactics are unlikely to be helpful to you.     这种方法对你未必有用。
An instrument used to measure tactile sensitivity.     触觉测量计用来测量触觉的一种装置
Lacking in consideration for the feelings of others; tactless.     不体贴的不考虑他人感情的；不得体的
Tadpoles are the infancy form of frogs.     蝌蚪是青蛙的幼年形态。
Did you see the price tag of the dresses?     你看到这些衣服的价格标签了吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The actor's voice tailed away as he forgot his lines.     那演员忘了台词，说话的声音越来越小了。
Just at that point a devil let him have the feel of his tailed whip and cried:Move on, you pimp, you can't cash in on women here!     当他这样说时，一个恶鬼用鞭子抽打他，说道：“滚吧，王八蛋！这里没有女人替你赚钱。”
example sentence not found
He wears a beautifully tailored suit.     他穿了一套定做的漂亮西装。
I'd say I am quite proficient at tailoring.     我可以说我对裁缝很在行。
He seems tailor-made for the job.     他好像很适合这项工作。
Let's flip a coin to decide who should go first - do you want heads or tails?     我们来抛硬币决定谁先走吧，你是要正面还是要反面？
example sentence not found
Throw that tainted meat away; it's not edible.     把那块腐烂的肉扔掉，不能再吃了。
Throw that tainted meat away; it's not edible.     把那块腐烂的肉扔掉，不能再吃了。
It rains a lot in Taipei.     在台北下很多的雨。
He is said to have been the richest man in Taiwan.     据说他以前是台湾最有钱的人。
I passed him the rope and he took it.     我递给他绳子，他接住了。
You are not (physically) strong, so you may as well take care of your health.     你的体格不壮，因此最好注意健康。
It's an important decision for you, so take your time to think it over.     对你来说，这是一个十分重要的决定，仔细考虑一下吧。
example sentence not found
I'm too tired to cook let's get something from the Chinese take-away.     我累得做不了饭了--咱们从中国外卖餐馆买些东西来吃吧.
After being taken back 200 years, we were suddenly returned to the present day.     我们刚才还处在200年前的历史场景之中, 一下子又回到了现在.
example sentence not found
Before the hostile takeover, the purchaser often buy the stock of the target company to control most of the share.     在恶性接收开始时，买入公司总是大量购入被接收公司的股票以取得多数股权的地位。
There's still some cake left any takers? ie Does anyone want some?     还剩下些蛋糕--有人想吃吗?
He criticized my taking risks.     他批评了我的冒险活动。
The takings at the football stadium has fallen off.     足球运动场的收入减少了。
Children shouldn't tell tales.     小孩子不应该说谎。
example sentence not found
His talent was largely self-developed.     他的才能主要是自己培养的。
The governor sent us to the colleges and universities to do some head hunting; we hope we find some young talents.     州长派咱们到各大专院校物色人才，咱们希望能找到一些有才能的年轻人。
example sentence not found
I had a long talk with her.     我和她长谈了一次。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Giddy and talkative; foolish.     饶舌的轻率和多言的；愚蠢的
She is a good talker.     她是一个很会说话的人。
He is a tall boy.     他是一个高大的男孩。
Tallow can be used for making soap.     动物脂可以用来做香皂。
His account of the accident tallies with yours.     他对该故事的说法和你一样。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She is too tame.     她太柔顺了。
example sentence not found
He cowed them with his hard eyes like a tamer among beasts.     他以严厉的眼光吓他们，活象兽群中间的驯兽师。
He tamped down the tobacco in his pipe.     他把烟丝紧紧摁实在烟斗里。
Someone has been tampering with the lock.     有人乱动过这把锁.
Someone has been tampering with the lock.     有人乱动过这把锁.
It took me all summer to get this tan.     我花了整个夏天才晒出这样的棕褐色。
The Dow Jones industrials, ahead10 points early in tandem with further improvement in bond prices, ended off13.59 at1, 944.63.     道・琼斯工业股早先随着公债价格提升而上涨10点，最后以1944。63收盘，下降13。59。
The teacher was telling us about the poet's life, when he went off at a tangent and started talking about his war experiences.     老师在给我们讲述诗人生平故事的时候，突然把话题一转，讲开他自己的战争经历来了。
example sentence not found
Hand me of a the ripest tangerine please.     请递给我一个最熟的橘子。
The lovely baby in her dream somehow have no tangibility.     她梦中的那个可爱的婴儿不知为什麽不可触知。
The prize is a tangible testimony that she has gotten a germ of write ability.     这个奖是一个具体的证明，说明她具有创作才能。
example sentence not found
The wind tangled her hair.     风吹乱了她的头发。
A packaging engineer from Hamburg designed this so-called tango pack, using much less cardboard than usual. The cans are held firmly together by a narrow plastic trip.     来自汉堡的一位包装设计师发明了Tango法。这种方法用极少量的纸板和一根塑料带就能将罐牢牢捆住。
example sentence not found
Is there any water left in the water tank?     水箱里还有水剩下吗？
The tanker sank and the oil polluted the sea.     油轮沉没了，石油污染了海面。
The tanner is said to be reluctant to quote firm price because of a rising and uncertain raw material market.     据说由于原材料市场上升且捉摸不定，制革商们不愿报出实盘。
example sentence not found
He was tantalized by visions of power and wealth.     他追求不到可望而不可即的权力和财富, 受尽了折磨.
The sight is most tantalizing.     这光景真使人干急。
Her statement is tantamount to a confession of guilt.     她的供述等於认罪.
She regularly throws tantrums.     她经常大发脾气.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
My phone is being tapped.     有人在窃听我的电话。
You'd better put some insulating tape on electric wires.     你最好给电线裹上绝缘胶布。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We needed someone to fix the tape recorder.     我们需要有人来修理录音机。
Financial aids generally taper off after the first year of college.     助学金通常在大学一年级之后逐渐减少。
The wall of my living room was hung with a tapestry.     我的起居室的墙上挂着一块壁毯。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I won't trust either of the two brothers; they are tarred with the same brush.     弟兄两个我谁也不相信，他们都是一路货色。
example sentence not found
He arrived late and excused his tardiness in a flimsy manner.     他来晚了，而且还以薄弱的借口来辩解他的迟到
He was tardy for the meeting.     那次开会他迟到了。
example sentence not found
The company has met their export target.     该公司已经实现了它们的出口目标。
example sentence not found
The tariff at the hotel ranges from 20 dollars to 50 dollars a day for a single room.     旅馆的单人房间的价钱每天从20美元到50美元不等。
The plane taxied along the tarmac.     飞机沿跑道滑行.
example sentence not found
The firm's good name was badly tarnished by the scandal.     这件丑事玷污了公司的好名声.
Taro finally came to the conclusion that he should be aggressive in order to survive in the American society.     塔罗终于得出结论，他要在美国社会生存下去就必须有股冲劲。
example sentence not found
He tarried for a few days in my house.     他在我家里小住了几天。
Her tart reply offended me.     她的刻薄的回答激怒了我。
example sentence not found
The new government's prime task is to reduce the level of inflation.     新政府的主要任务是减低通货膨胀的水平。
Tasmania was named after its discoverer, A. J. Tasman.     塔斯曼尼亚岛是以其发现者塔斯曼的名字命名的.
There are blue tassels on my curtains.     我的窗帘上有蓝色的流苏。
She has good taste in clothes.     她对服装有很好的审美眼光。
Characterized by or exhibiting refined, tasteful beauty of manner, form, or style.     优美的，文雅的，雅致的以举止，形状或文体的高雅优美为特征的或显示高雅优美的
Gelatin is a clear tasteless substance.     明胶是一种透明无味的物质。
example sentence not found
These pancakes made by my mother are really tasty.     我妈妈做的这些煎饼非常好吃。
example sentence not found
The beggar's shirt was in tatters.     这乞丐的衣服已成了碎片。
example sentence not found
I know he looks a bit of a rough diamond in his tattered jeans, but apparently he does a lot of good work for local charities.     我知道他穿着破烂的牛仔裤看上去有些浑金璞玉的样子，但清楚他是为当地的慈善事业做了许多有益的工作。
Who's been tattling?     谁在说闲话呢？
Distinctive tribal tattoos.     一部落与他部落相区别的纹身
example sentence not found
I taught her to ride a bicycle.     我教她骑自行车。
They taunted him for being timid.     他们讥笑他胆小。
A brief high-pitched humming or buzzing sound, such as that made by a swiftly passing object or a taut vibrating string.     尖啸声一种短暂尖锐的嗡嗡声或滋滋声，例如高速运动的物体和拉紧的震颤的线发出的声音
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The knights met in the tavern to discuss their plan.     骑士们在小酒店里会合，讨论他们的计划。
A woman regarded as gaudy or tawdry.     娼妓被认为是媚俗或低俗的女人
A lion has tawny mane.     狮子长着黄褐色棕毛。
Tobacco and alcoholic drinks are taxed heavily in their country.     烟酒在他们的国家都被课以重税。
We must increase taxation if we are to spend more on education.     我们如果要增加教育经费就必须加税。
That may be our taxi now!     那辆可能就是我们的计程车了。
A minicar used as a taxicab, especially in England.     微型出租汽车一种用作出租汽车的微型车，尤指在英国
The tax threshold for a single pensioner is 450 dollars.     单身养老金领取者的征税起点是450美元。
example sentence not found
The opposition parties have condemned the new airport as a waste of taxpayers' money.     各反对党指责修建新机场是浪费纳税人的金钱。
I am not entirely a back number, Taylor.     泰勒，我还不是一个毫无力量的人。
example sentence not found
Do you take milk and sugar in your tea?     你的茶里要加牛奶和糖吗？
example sentence not found
Since you have no time, you need not attend the tea party.     既然你没有工夫，你就不必参加茶会了。
I taught her to ride a bicycle.     我教她骑自行车。
example sentence not found
My mother is a teacher.     我母亲是一位教师。
The mission of a university is teaching and research.     大学的任务是教学和科研。
Apostles were sent out by Christ to spread his teachings.     基督派基督十二使徒之一宣传他的教义。
She has seen empty glass and teacup, and has known that has been three men inside the room.     她看到了空玻璃杯和茶杯，知道房间里来过三个人。
A man in the teahouse was laying the law down on politics.     茶馆里有个人在非常自负地侃政治。
example sentence not found
Volleyball is a team game.     排球是一项要求全队默契配合的运动。
A runner who intentionally sets a fast pace for a teammate during a long-distance race.     带跑队员在长距离竞赛中故意为某一队友设定较快速度的选手
In football teamwork is even more important than individual skill.     在橄榄球比赛中，全队的配合比个人技术甚至更加重要。
The spout of the teapot is jammed by tea.     茶壶的壶口被茶叶堵住了。
She tore her skirt on the nail.     钉子勾破了她的裙子。
But she hugged them to her chest, and at last she was able to look up with tearful eyes and a smile and say:My hair grows so fast, Jim!      但是，她还是把这套梳子紧紧地包在怀里。最后，她终于抬起迷蒙的泪眼，含笑说道，“我的头发是长得很快的，吉姆！”
Tears distilled slowly from her eyes.     泪水从她的眼睛里慢慢地滴下来。
He is a terrible tease.     他特别爱戏弄人。
She mixed the sugar into the coffee with a teaspoon.     她用茶匙把糖在咖啡里搅拌开。
example sentence not found
A baby drinks milk from teats.     婴儿用奶嘴喝牛奶。
The flight was delayed owing to technical reasons.     这次飞行由于技术的原因而被推迟。
The book is full of scientific technicalities.     这本书里尽是科学术语.
It's quite clear that the electric car is technically feasible.     很清楚，电动汽车在工艺技术上是可行的。
They need one laboratory technician.     他们需要一名实验室技术员。
He displayed a flawless technique in the competition.     他在竞赛中显示出了精湛的技艺。
Is Britain becoming a technocracy?     英国是否要成为实行专家政治的国家?
example sentence not found
The development of the information technology is the greatest technological advance of the 20th century.     信息技术的发展是二十世纪工业技术上的最大进步。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The development of the information technology is the greatest technological advance of the 20th century.     信息技术的发展是二十世纪工业技术上的最大进步。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Let's invite Ted -- he knows how to bring a party to life.     我们邀请特德吧--有他到会就热闹了.
The little boy go upstairs trailing his teddy bear behind him.     那小男孩儿走上楼去，还拖著他的玩具熊。
The little boy go upstairs trailing his teddy bear behind him.     那小男孩儿走上楼去，还拖著他的玩具熊。
He told me a tedious story.     他给我讲了一个冗长乏味的故事。
example sentence not found
The part of a golf course covered with short grass and extending from the tee to the putting green.     球座与终点间的草地覆有剪平草的高尔夫球场的一部分，从球座到终点间的地带
He wore his brother's evening dress to the function but looked very uncomfortable in his borrowed plumes instead of hi usual jeans and tee shirt.     他穿着他兄弟的夜礼服去参加盛大的集会，但是穿着向别人借来的装门面的漂亮衣服看上去很不舒服，还不如他平时穿的牛仔裤和梯恤衫好。
The rain teemed down for hours.     大雨一直下了好几个小时。
The river was teeming with fish.     河里的鱼很多.
When I was in my teens, I liked playing football.     少年时我喜欢踢足球。
Teenage is the period at which the body reaches maturity.     青少年是身体成熟期。
It is not easy to educate teenagers.     教育青少年不是件容易的事。
My son did go off the rails for a while in his late teens but he has settled with a family.     我儿子年轻时确实有些越轨行为，但现在安下心来，并已结婚成家。
The store owner smiled and whistled and out of the kennel came Lady, who ran down the aisle of his store followed by five teeny tiny balls of fur.     店主笑了，吹了一声口哨，从窝里出来一只母狗，它沿着小店的过道跑过来，后面跟着5个小毛球。
She was teetering along/about/around in very high-heeled shoes.     她穿著高跟鞋摇摇晃晃地走著[四处走].
The dog bared its teeth.     狗露出了牙齿。
Babies like to chew something when they're teething.     幼儿长牙时爱咬东西.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The telecommunication service is a government monopoly.     电信为政府专营。
Distance is no problem with modern telecommunications.     在电信发达的今天, 相距遥远已不再是什麽问题了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I sent a telegram to my mother saying that I had arrived safely.     我给母亲发电报说我已安全抵达。
She went to the telegraph office in a hurry.     她匆匆忙忙向电报局去了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I have to make a telephone call.     我必须打个电话。
He looks up the number of the company in the telephone book.     他从电话簿中查到该公司的电话号码。
There is a telephone booth near the cinema.     电影院附近有一个电话亭。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I saw them through telescopes from the top of the building.     我从大楼的顶端用望远镜看到了他们。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The BBC plans to televise all Shakespeare's plays.     英国广播公司计画播放莎士比亚的全部戏剧。
His first film was shown on television this weekend.     他的第一部电影本周末在电视上播放。
We have authenticated it by telex.     我们已经用电传证实了它。
It's impossible to tell who will win the next election.     下届选举谁能获胜无法预知。
She worked as a teller in our bank.     她在我们的银行里当出纳员。
I quailed with fear at the thought of telling her the bad news.     想到要告诉她这个坏消息，我就害怕得发抖。
I can see from the telltale look in her eyes that she love him.     我从她那无法掩饰的眼神里可以看出她爱他。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He had the temerity to call me a liar.     他竟胆敢说我撒谎.
He's been temping for over a year now and wants a permanent job.     他做临时工作已一年多了, 想找个固定的工作.
They are of congenial temper.     他们的性情相投。
example sentence not found
The two brothers have entirely different temperaments.     他们兄弟俩的性情完全不同。
Nigel is temperamental but he's very highly strung, you know.     奈杰变化无常，但你知道他是很容易激动的。
The patient had to practice temperance in eating and drinking.     这个病人不得不节制饮食。
Be more temperate in your language, please.     言词上请节制一点儿。
The food should be kept at low temperature.     这种食品应低温保存。
It was a marvelous night with a tempest to rouse the gods.     真是个美妙的夜晚，暴风雨惊天动地。
Their ship was sailing dangerously in the tempestuous sea.     他们的船在浪急风高的海上危险地航行着。
Save the active document or template with its current name.     以其目前的名字保存当前的文件或模板。
Have you been to the Temple of Heaven in Beijing?     你去过北京的天坛吗？
Your tempo is too slow.     你演奏的速度太慢了.
The Pope has no temporal power in modern society.     教皇在当代社会没有世俗方面的权利。
The daily flight to the city has been temporarily suspended because of the earthquake.     因为地震，每天飞往这个城市的航班暂停了。
The boss hired some temporary workers.     老板雇佣了一些临时工。
He is always temporize and be dislike by his classmate.     他总是见风使舵，因而不受同学喜欢。
He was tempted into making a false step.     他被引诱做了一件傻事。
He was surrounded by temptations.     他受到各种诱惑的包围。
Eve tempted Adam and he fell.     夏娃诱惑亚当, 结果他犯了罪.
example sentence not found
I got up at ten last Sunday.     上星期天我十点钟起床。
Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.     不管你怎么说那十诫（指摩西十诫）也罢，总是想到那令人高兴的事实――那就是，只不过十项罢了。
The lectureship is tenable for a period of three years.     讲师这一职位任期三年.
The eagle seized its prey in a tenacious grip.     鹰将捕获物紧紧抓住.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The tenant was evicted for non-payment of rent.     这个房客因为没有交房租而被赶出去了。
Weeds tend to displace other plants.     杂草越来越多，有取代其他植物之势。
There is a growing tendency for people to work at home instead of in offices.     人们在家里而不是在办公室里工作的趋势日益增长。
Such tendentious statements are likely to provoke strong opposition.     这种有倾向性 的说法可能招致强烈的反对.
This tender should be submitted by June 26th.     此投标书应于六月二十六日前提交。
example sentence not found
She embraced her son tenderly when he came home after ten years' absence.     她儿子离家十年后回家时她亲切地拥抱儿子。
Her tenderness soothed my anger.     她的亲切平息了我的怒气。
My tendon was strained.     我扭伤了肌腱。
example sentence not found
He lives in a tenement block.     他住在一家廉价公寓楼里。
One who believes in and follows the tenets of naturalism.     自然主义者信仰和追随自然主义信条的人
Finn claims they still miss the hills and streams of Tennessee. But Las Vegas is where the action is and his wife accepted his way of life.     芬恩声称他们仍然怀念田纳西州的山山水水，拉斯维加斯却是热闹的娱乐中心。他的妻子也这样认为。
Do you play tennis?     你打网球吗？
example sentence not found
I understood the tenor of their conversation but not the details.     我听懂了他们谈话的大意，但没有听懂其中的细节。
The verb is in the present tense.     这个动词使用的是现在时态.
example sentence not found
The cables, which will be the bridge's main support, are strung from tower to tower. They are made up of wire that's high tensile steel.     作为大桥的主要支撑，绳索被绷在塔之间。它们是由高抗拉强度的钢丝组成的。
Tension mounted as we waited for the exam results to be published.     我们在等待公布考试结果时气氛越来越紧张。
There are rows of tents at the foot of the mountain.     山脚下有几排帐篷。
example sentence not found
Could is used to make more tentative suggestions.     可用以提出较试探性的建议。
Tentatively it can be suggested that this is the main influence upon those who urge the abolition of capital punishment.     可以这样探讨性地提出，那些竭力主张废除死刑的人们主要是受怜悯的影响。
One tenth of the goods were damaged.     十分之一的货物受到损伤。
Sheer, light, delicate, or tenuous.     轻而薄的；薄弱的；虚无漂缈的
The rank, appointment, authority, or tenure of a general.     将军的任职或任期一个将军的官衔、委任权力或保存权
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Since our contract is near its term we must negotiate a new one.     由于我们的合同快到期了，我们必须谈判新的合约。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Please wait for me at the bus terminal.     请在公共汽车终点站等我。
example sentence not found
The next train terminates here.     这是下一班火车的终点站。
A limb terminating in such a structure.     末端有这种构造的肢体
It's no use to discuss the termination of contract with them.     跟他们讨论终止合同是没有用的。
example sentence not found
The special terminology understood among the members of a profession, discipline, or class but obscure to the general population; jargon.     术语，行话在一个职业、学科或阶层的成员间能被理解的特殊术语，但对一般大众来说却晦涩难懂；专门术语
The police reasoned out that if the criminal had left by the midday train, it would be easy to pick him up at the terminus.     警察部门推断，如果那个罪犯是乘中午列车离开的，那就容易在终点站把他捉住。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The company has to fulfill the terms of its obligation.     这个公司必须履行合同条款。
I want to complain in the strong tern about the delay.     我要以最强烈的措词抗议这次耽误。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
In China hill farmers grow rice on terraces.     在中国，山区农民在梯田上种水稻。
example sentence not found
The commander made a detailed study of the terrain.     司令员对地形作了仔细研究。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Although they can swim, the polar bears are terrestrial animals.     北极熊虽然会游泳，但也是陆栖动物。
The government didn't allow reporting the terrible accident.     政府不允许报道那起严重事故。
The film dragged terribly.     电影演得拖拖拉拉.
I have a fox terrier.     我养了一只猎狐狗。
The view was terrific.     景色美极了。
Causing great horror; terrifying.     让人恐惧的；令人毛骨悚然的
It terrified me to contemplate the consequence of your action.     想到你行动的后果，我就感到害怕。
The most terrifying aspect of nuclear bombing is radiation.     核弹轰炸最可怕的一面是辐射。
The two countries had a territorial dispute over which one owned the island.     两国之间存在着涉及那个岛屿归属的领土争端。
How much territory does he travel over?     他旅行的地方有多大？
I have a terror of worms.     我害怕爬虫。
The government is determined to combat international terrorism.     政府决定同国际恐怖主义作斗争。
The terrorists are threatening to blow up the hijacked airliner.     恐怖分子扬言要炸毁劫持的客机。
Terry has been going out with Sharon for six weeks.     特里和沙伦相恋有六个星期了。
A terse, witty, instructive saying; a maxim.     格言，箴言，警句简洁、机智、有教导性的话；警句
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The new aircraft is undergoing safety tests.     这种新飞机正在接受安全性能检验。
He is answering the test paper busily.     他正忙着答考试卷。
He held the test tube in his hand thoughtfully.     他沉思地把试管拿在手里。
example sentence not found
Her solicitor drew up her last will and testament.     她的律师拟就了她的遗嘱。
One that makes a will; a testator.     遗赠人，立遗嘱者设立遗嘱的人；立遗嘱者
example sentence not found
All kinds of human experience testify to the close link between love and fear.     人类的种种经验都证明了爱与怕之间的紧密联系。
She sent a testimonial from her former employer when applying for the post.     她申请那职位时寄去了前雇主的推荐书.
Several men were called for testimony.     好几个人被传来作证。
We are testing the efficacy of a new drug.     我们正在测试新药的功效。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
German physiologist. He won a1901 Nobel Prize for work on serum immunization against diphtheria and tetanus.     贝林，埃米尔・冯1854－1917德国生理学家，因其在抗白喉与破伤风血清免疫方面的工作获1901年诺贝尔奖
He tethered his horse to a tree.     他用绳子把马拴在树上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
As a rule of thumb, a one-cent-a-gallon gasoline tax raises$1 billion. Oil producers in President-elect Bush's adopted state of Texas, however, would rather see a tax on imported crude oil.     一般情形是，每加仑加汽油一分钱的税可以征收10亿元。可是，在布什第二家乡德克萨斯州的产油商宁愿看见在进口原油上征税。
He studied Shakespeare's texts.     他学习了莎士比亚的原作。
Our textbook is very well illustrated.     我们的课本插图丰富。
Their main exports are textiles, especially silk and cotton.     他们的主要出口货物是纺织品，特别是丝绸和棉布。
Textual analysis identified the author as Shakespeare.     对原文的分析研究鉴定出作者是莎士比亚.
This kind of cloth has a close texture.     这种布质地很紧密。
It is Thais the whore who gave this answer to her lover when he asked: Am I very worthy of your thanks?Very, nay, incredibly so!      她便是妓女塞绮斯，当她的情人间她“你十分感谢我吗？”的时候，她回答说：“哎呀，感谢极了。”
My friend took a trip to Thailand.     我的朋友去泰国旅行了一次。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The Thames rises in the Cotswold Hills.     泰晤士河发源於科茨沃尔德丘陵.
He has no friend other than you.     他除你之外就没有别的朋友了。
I don't know how I can possibly thank you enough.     我不知道该怎样来感谢你才好。
example sentence not found
I'm thankful to know that he is safe.     得知他很安全，我感到欣慰。
Thankfully, it's at last stopped raining.     谢天谢地，雨总算停了。
Send you our everlasting feeling of gratefulness and thankfulness on this special day.     在这特别的日子谨向您致以我们永恒的感激之情。
Thanks to the bad weather, the match had been cancelled.     多亏这个倒霉天气，挺好的比赛取消了。
example sentence not found
We invite her to have Thanksgiving dinner with us.     我们邀请她和我们一起吃感恩节晚餐。
example sentence not found
I reached the gate that opened onto the lake.     我走到临湖而开的那扇门前。
The family lived in a thatched cottage before liberation.     解放前，他们一家住在茅屋里。
For many Britons accustomed to watching Thatcher browbeat enemies and dress down aides, it seemed like only a matter of time before her support for Major would cool.     对很多看惯撒切尔向她的政敌怒目而视或斥责僚属的英国人来说，她对梅杰的支持迟早都会冷却。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Just give me a minute to thaw out in front of the fire, then we can talk.     先让我烤烤火暖和一下，然后我们开始谈话。
The more he has, the more he wants.     他得到越多，想要的也越多。
Do you enjoy the theater?     你喜欢看戏吗？
She is been in the theatre all her life.     她一辈子搞戏剧。
She works in a theatrical company.     她在剧团工作。
His success in amateur theatricals led him on to think he could tread the boards for a living.     他业余演戏很成功，他因此觉得自己可以以演戏为生。
The lord anointed thee King of Israel.     (圣经)耶和华膏你作以色列的王。
The building has been insured against fire and theft.     这座大楼保了火险和失窃险。
They washed their faces.     他们洗了脸。
It was his fault, not theirs.     这是他的过错，不是他们的。
example sentence not found
He offered them a new contract.     他向他们提出一份新合同。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The theme for tonight's talk is education.     今天谈话的题目是教育。
example sentence not found
They finished the work by themselves.     他们自己完成了这项工作。
We lived in the country then.     我们那时住在乡下。
He was not in his office and I eventually tracked him down in the lab. So we discussed the problem then and there.     他不在办公室，最后我在实验室里找到了他，在那里我们当场讨论了那个问题。
He hitched south towards Italy, and thence into France.     他搭乘便车往南去意大利，然后从那里进入法国。
example sentence not found
An eminent theologian.     神学家显赫的神学者
He is studying in the theological college.     他在那所神学院学习。
He believes in theology.     他信仰宗教。
example sentence not found
This book is too theoretical; I need a practical one.     这本书理论性太强，我需要一本实用的。
Frankly speaking, Andy is more of an angler theoretically than practically.     老实说，安迪是个理论胜於实际的垂钓者。
Italian political theorist whose book The Prince(1513) describes the achievement and maintenance of power by a determined ruler indifferent to moral considerations.     马基雅维利，尼克尔1469－1527意大利政治理论家，他的著作君主论（1513年）阐述了一个意志坚定的统治者不顾道德观念的约束如何获得并保持其权力
example sentence not found
It is so in theory.     理论上是如此。
example sentence not found
Internal and external use of water as a therapeutic treatment for all forms of disease.     水疗法水的外用和内服，作为各种病症的治疗方法
Launders,27, said she has spent most of the yearlike a basket case despite seeing a therapist once a week.     27岁的朗黛丝说，尽管她每周去理疗一次，她今年过的大半日子“像个四肢不全的废人。”
She was in therapy.     她正在接受治疗。
There are numerous items to choose from.     有许许多多可选择的项目。
You'll be accompanied as far as the border, thereafter you must find your own way.     有人送你到边境，然后你必须自己走了。
Thereby hangs a tale.     其中必有文章。
Your information is inaccurate and your conclusion is therefore wrong.     你的信息不准确，所以你的结论是错误的。
Your information is inaccurate and your conclusion is therefore wrong.     你的信息不准确，所以你的结论是错误的。
Failing this, they will be held responsible for all the consequences arising therefrom.     要是做不到这一点，他们必须对由此产生的后果负责。
He is not a snob and therein lay his downfall.     他不是个势利小人，而他失败的原因正在于此。
All citizens of the United Kingdom are ruled by the laws thereof.     英联盟的全体公民都受联盟法律的约束。
example sentence not found
They signed the agreement and the documents appended thereto.     他们签署了协议与附件。
He thereupon asked her to marry him.     他随即向她求婚。
example sentence not found
A term sometimes applied to a stylus in a thermal matrix printer.     有时用来指热敏点阵打印机的触针的一个术语。
German physicist noted for his contributions to the understanding of thermodynamics.     迈尔，尤里乌斯・罗伯特・冯1814－1878德国物理学家，为热力学研究作出很大贡献
The thermometer reads 27 degrees.     温度计的读数是27度。
example sentence not found
She poured hot water from the thermos.     她从热水瓶倒出热水。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The thermostat is based on the fact that different metals have different coefficients of expansion.     恒温器是以不同的金属有不同的膨胀系数这一事实为根据的。
A thesaurus is something like a dictionary.     类语词典与普通词典相仿.
We have been working hard these days.     这些天来，我们一直在努力工作。
Developed her thesis in a series of articles.     用一系列文章逐渐阐明她的论文
example sentence not found
I have a dog and a cat, but they fight all the time.     我养了一只猫和一只狗，但它们老是打架。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He put on a thick sweater since it was cold in the morning.     早晨很冷，他穿上了一件厚毛衣。
The plot thickens.     情节复杂起来了。
The fox hid in the thicket where the dog could not reach it.     狐狸躲在猎狗抓不到它的灌木丛中。
Spread the bread thickly with butter.     把面包抹上厚厚的黄油吧。
The beam has a thickness of 3 inches.     这根梁厚3英寸。
example sentence not found
The thief was caught red-handed.     小偷被当场抓住了。
The police tracked the thieves to their den.     警察跟踪小偷，直到他们的老窝。
I walked the last six miles in water up to my thighs.     我在深及大腿的水中走完了最后6英里。
She put a thimble over the finger when sewing.     缝纫时，她在手上戴一枚顶针。
The ice on the pond is too thin for skating.     池塘上的冰面太薄了，不能滑冰。
Be calm and take things as they come.     冷静点，既来之则安之吧。
He thinks business all day.     他整天想着生意。
He is a bold thinker, with lots of original ideas.     他是个敢于思考的人，富有创新观点。
What are you thinking about?     你在想什么?
Spread the butter thinly.     薄薄涂一层黄油。
He will come to see you on the third of April.     他将于四月三日来看你。
The main events were as follows: first, the president's speech, secondly the secretary's reply and thirdly, the chairman's summing-up.     主要活动如下: 第一项, 总裁讲话; 第二项, 秘书做解答; 第三项, 主席做总结.
I satisfied my thirst with a glass of water.     我喝了一杯水解渴。
The travellers in the desert felt thirsty.     沙漠中的旅行者感到口干舌燥。
He hadn't appeared in a film for thirteen years.     他已有十三年未在电影中露面了。
example sentence not found
Please hand in your paper before June thirtieth.     请在六月三十日前交论文。
I'll be thirty next year.     明年我就满三十岁了。
Please look at this box here.     请看这里的这个盒子。
The man made up his mind to grasp the thistle firmly.     这个人痛下决心，毅然处理困难局面。
Butterflies flit hither and thither.     蝴蝶到处飞来飞去。
Thomas Atkins, sometime vicar of this parish     托马斯・阿特金斯, 本牧区从前的牧师.
Thompson turned in a superb performance to win the decathlon.     汤普森在十项全能比赛中表现十分出色.
He fastened the dog to the post with a thong.     他用一根皮带把狗拴到柱子上。
His sister is a thorn in his flesh.     他的妹妹使他伤透脑筋。
Cacti are thorny.     仙人掌多刺。
That has been a thorough waste of time.     这是十足的浪费时间。
example sentence not found
The Strand is one of London's busiest thoroughfares.     斯特兰德大街是伦敦最热闹的要道之一。
Although she scrubbed the old pot thoroughly, she could not make it look completely clean.     虽然她彻底地用力擦洗那只旧壶，但她无法把它完全洗干净。
Those trees have very beautiful white bark.     那些树长着非常漂亮的白色树皮。
Whither goest thou?     汝欲何往?
I don't know him well though I've known him for a long time.     我对他并不了解，虽然我认识他已经很长时间了。
The old man was lost in thought and did not hear us come in.     这个老人凝神沉思，没有听见我们进来。
It was thoughtful of you to warn me of your arrival.     你来之前先通知我，真是考虑得很周到。
She regarded him thoughtfully.     她若有所思地看着他。
Suggestive or expressive of melancholy thoughtfulness.     忧心忡忡的，郁郁寡欢的让人联想起或表达忧郁的沉思的
It was thoughtless of you to forget your mother's birthday.     你太粗心了，居然连你妈妈的生日也忘了。
The little boy can count up to a thousand.     这个小男孩能够数到一千。
example sentence not found
Men have been making music for thousands of years.     人类创作音乐已有数千年历史。
example sentence not found
Her beauty held him in thrall.     她的美貌征服了他。
As he swam, he thrashed the water with his hand.     他游泳时用手拍打水。
Swimmers thrashing about in the water.     游泳的人在水中用力打水.
I'm afraid I've lost the thread of your argument.     我恐怕没有抓住你的论据的思路。
Pride may lurk under a threadbare cloak.     骄傲可能会潜藏在穿旧的斗篷下。
The threat of an economic depression hangs over the world.     经济衰退的威胁笼罩着世界。
The black clouds threatened rain.     乌云密布预示着将要下雨。
They are threatening to impose a blockade on the country.     他们威胁说要对该国实行封锁。
He is only a child of three.     他只是一个三岁的孩子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
They are separating the grains from wheat with a threshing machine.     他们正在用打谷机给小麦脱粒。
The treaty will be the threshold of lasting peace.     这个条约将成为持久和平的开端。
His motion threw the meeting into an uproar.     他的建议在会上引起了一片吵嚷。
My husband earns thrice the amount I earn.     我丈夫挣的钱是我的三倍。
Thrift is the basement of richness.     节约是富裕的基础。
example sentence not found
Her mother is a thrifty housewife.     她妈妈是一个节俭的主妇。
It's a sight that never fails to thrill me.     那是一种永远让我激动不已的景象。
He is at an absorbing thriller and can't be disturbed.     他正在阅读一部引人入胜的惊险小说，什么也惊动不了他。
It was a real thrill to meet the Queen.     能见到女王的确是令人兴奋的事.
Few plants or animals thrive in the desert.     很少植物或动物能在沙漠中很好地生长。
Growing or thriving in water.     水生（植物）的水中生长或繁殖的
I was off work because of a sore throat.     我因为喉咙痛没有去上班。
example sentence not found
His head throbbed with pain.     他的头一阵阵地痛。
Her heart was throbbing with excitement.     她兴奋得心直跳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He was only eight when he ascended the throne.     他登上王位时才八岁。
A patient throng was waiting in silence.     一大群人耐心地静候着。
example sentence not found
The river flows through the city from east to west.     这条河从东到西贯穿这座城市。
The disease spread throughout the country.     这种疾病蔓延全国。
example sentence not found
Many women throw all of their energies into a career.     许多妇女把她们的全部精力投入到职业中。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
He was quick to take up the gauntlet thrown down by the opposition.     他立即接受了对方提出的挑战。
The thrush is a kind of small singing bird.     画眉是一种小鸣禽。
We thrust our way through the crowd.     我们用力挤过人群。
The act or process of pushing or thrusting out.     推，掷推出或掷出的行为或过程
The sound of such a blow; a thud.     重击声响亮有力的重击声；砰的一声
He is done over by a gang of thug after a football match.     他在足球比赛结束以後受到一帮暴徒的殴打。
When the play opened, the local press gave it the thumbs down.     这出戏公演时，当地报纸对它评价不佳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The old man thumpes noisily along the passage.     那老人沿着过道步履沉重地走着。
He was thumping the keys of the piano.     他重重地敲击钢琴琴键。
My little dog always hides under the bed when it thunders.     我的小狗一听到打雷就藏到床底下。
The news of his death was a real thunderbolt.     他去世的消息真是晴天霹雳。
example sentence not found
The stillness was rent by thunderous applause.     雷鸣般的掌声打破了寂静。
A thunderstorm forced him to take refuge at a hut.     一场雷雨迫使他躲在草屋里。
example sentence not found
We have meetings every Thursday afternoon.     我们每个星期四下午开会。
It has been thus and will continue to be so.     事情一直是这样，并将继续这样下去。
Our plan for a football match was thwarted by the heavy rain.     我们的足球比赛计划因大雨而受阻。
An enemy who lies at thy feet begging forgiveness must not feel thy sword.     对俯伏在你脚下乞怜的敌人，绝不可使他触及你的剑。
example sentence not found
A peptide hormone, produced by the thyroid gland in human beings, that lowers plasma calcium and phosphate levels without augmenting calcium accretion.     降钙素一种缩氨酸荷尔蒙，由人体内的甲状腺产生。在不增加钙含量的情况下，可降低血中钙和磷酸盐的含量
A peptide hormone, produced by the thyroid gland in human beings, that lowers plasma calcium and phosphate levels without augmenting calcium accretion.     降钙素一种缩氨酸荷尔蒙，由人体内的甲状腺产生。在不增加钙含量的情况下，可降低血中钙和磷酸盐的含量
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Before the democratic reform in Tibet, the people there were laid heavy burden on.     在民主改革以前，西藏人民肩负着沉重的负担。
An experienced Tibetan climber was chosen to lead the others up the mountain.     一位经验丰富的藏族登山者被挑选出来带领其他人登山。
There was a nice red tick in the margin.     边上打了一个漂亮的红勾。
I don't know the price of the dress; its ticket has fallen off.     我不知道这件衣服的价钱，它的标签掉了。
The clock ticks very loudly.     这只钟发出很响的滴答声。
The comedian tickled the crowd with his jokes.     那个喜剧演员讲的笑话把人们都逗笑了。
example sentence not found
I'm terribly ticklish.     我特别怕痒.
A volcanic island of Indonesia between Sumatra and Java. A violent explosion in August1883 blew the island apart and caused a tidal wave that killed more than36,000 people.     喀拉喀托火山位于苏门答腊和爪哇之间的一个火山岛。1883年8月，该岛火山的一次猛烈的喷发使该岛裂开，并引发了一场使36，000多人丧生的海啸
example sentence not found
Time and tide wait for no man.     岁月不等人。
example sentence not found
He has a tidy mind.     他的思维有条理。
The girl tied the ends of the thread.     这女孩把线的两端结起来。
The number of tigers has reduced abruptly in the last fifty years.     在过去的五十年里，老虎的数目锐减。
She held her baby tight in her arms.     她紧紧地搂着她的孩子。
This screw needs tightening.     这螺丝钉需要再拧紧些。
I was so tightly wedged between two fat women that it was difficult for me to get up and leave the bus.     我被两个肥胖的女人紧紧地挤在中间，以致于要站起来下公共汽车都很难。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We have put tiles on the wall behind the bath.     我们在浴缸后的墙上贴了瓷砖。
People do not know the value of health till they lose it.     直到失去健康，人们才知道健康的可贵。
The table top suddenly tilted and all the plates and glasses crashed onto the floor.     桌面突然翘起，所有的盘子和玻璃制品都滑落到地板上打碎了。
Timber the man shouted as the tree was about to fall.     树快要倒下时，那个人喊道“避开！”。
Time and tide wait for no man.     岁月不等人。
Thanks to your timely intervention.     多亏你及时调停。
example sentence not found
My friend Tom is a reporter for the New York Times.     我朋友汤姆是《纽约时报》的记者。
I've always led an onerous timetable but I like it.     我的日程表总是排得紧紧的，但我喜欢这样。
I wanted to take him fishing but I was too timid to ask him.     我曾想带他去钓鱼，但我不好意思对他开口。
The quality or state of being diffident; timidity or shyness.     缺乏自信；胆怯缺乏自信的性质或状态；胆小的或羞怯的
What beautiful timing!     时间正合适!
Is that box made of tin or steel?     这个箱子是白铁皮做的还是钢做的？
Her hair is tinged with Grey.     她的头发有些花白。
That's a tiny baby.     那是个极小的婴儿。
This manual is full of useful tips.     这本小册子里有很多实用的小建议。
He stood on tiptoe and tried to see over the wall.     他踮起脚尖，试图看到墙那边。
This work is tiring; it tires me out.     这工作很累人，可把我累坏了。
I'm so tired I could sleep for a whole day.     我真是累极了，简直可以睡上一整天。
He patched up a couple of old tires.     他补了几条旧车胎。
His speech is really tiresome.     他的演讲实在令人厌倦。
The tissues have been destroyed and a scar has formed.     那些组织受到破坏，形成一道疤痕。
Has he any title to this land?     他对这片土地有所有权吗？
The town came to life after sunrise.     日出之后，这个市镇变得充满生气。
Toads have an ugly appearance but they are useful.     蟾蜍外表丑陋，但很有用。
Let's toast the friendship between two countries.     让我们为两国间的友谊干杯。
This is a mixture of the best tobacco.     这是由最好的烟叶配制成的。
English is spoken all over the world today.     英语现在通用于全世界。
Her two-year-old son toddled into the room.     她的两岁的儿子摇摇摆摆地走进屋里.
The toddler tried to walk but kept falling down.     那小孩学著走路但老是跌跤.
Each foot has five toes.     每只脚有五个脚趾头。
They traveled together.     他们一起旅游。
example sentence not found
The slaves toiled up the hill pulling the heavy blocks.     那些奴隶艰难地把沉重的石块拖上山。
Where is the ladies' toilet?     女厕所在那里？
He gave me a necklace as a token of his affection..     他给了我一根项链作为爱情的象征。
A little old woman with a wrinkled face as brown as a berry told us fortunes for ten pence.     一位身材矮小、满脸皱纹、皮肤黑黑的老妇人给我们算命，收了10便士。
The heat was tolerable at night but suffocating during the day.     这种炎热的天气在夜晚尚能忍受，但白天就令人感到呼吸困难。
In ordinary living there can be some tolerance of unpunctuality.     在平常的生活中，对不准时的行为可以给予一些宽容。
As they mature, many young radicals mellow into a more tolerant attitude towards life and society.     随着逐渐成熟，许多年轻的激进分子对 生活和社会渐持较为宽容的态度。
The body cannot tolerate such large amounts of radiation.     身体经不住那麽大剂量的放射线。
The church bell tolled the hour.     教堂的鸣钟报时。
I haven't read any books by Tolstoy.     我没看过托尔斯泰的书。
Most tomatoes are red when ripe, but some kinds are yellow.     大多数西红柿成熟时是红色的，但有些品种是黄色的。
Those dead soldiers were buried in the tombs.     那些死去的战士被埋葬在坟墓里。
A tombstone stands in front of her tomb.     她墓前立着一块墓碑。
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.     今日事今日毕。
How many tons does this elephant weigh?     这头大象重多少吨？
Her friendly opening speech set the tone for the whole conference.     她友好的开幕词确定了整个会议的基调。
I tried to be open--minded about the rock concert, but the music was at best loud and at worst toneless.     对这场摇滚音乐会我要尽量思想开放些，但是其乐声充其量响度很高，更糟糕的是很不悦耳。
example sentence not found
English is her mother tongue.     英语是她的母语。
Sea air has a tonic quality.     海洋的空气有益于增进健康。
We'll have a party tonight.     今夜我们将举行一台晚会。
The tonnage of the ship is 25.     这条船的登记吨位为25吨。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It's too hot to work.     天气太热，无法工作。
Words are the tools of his trade.     言语是他那一行必不可少的工具。
The hammer is missing from my toolbox.     我的工具箱里少了一把锤子。
We should brush our teeth at least twice a day.     我们每天应该至少刷两次牙。
I've suffered agonies with toothache.     我遭受牙痛之苦。
My toothbrush is losing its bristles.     我的牙刷掉毛.
She bought a tube of toothpaste.     她买了一管牙膏。
The mountain tops are covered with snow.     白雪覆盖着山顶。
They discussed the weather and other topics.     他们讨论了气候和其他的话题。
The topology of the network may be ring, star or bus.     网络的拓扑结构可以是环形的、星形的或总线形的。
He turned on the torch to look for his keys.     他打开了手电筒，寻找钥匙。
That child is a torment to his parents.     这孩子对他的父母是一种折磨。
The entire village was obliterated by the tornado.     整个村庄被龙卷风摧毁了.
We all accused the union of torpedoing the negotiation.     我们都谴责工会破坏谈判。
She attacked him with a torrent of abuse.     她用连珠炮似的谩骂来攻击他。
He bought two small tortoises for me.     他给我买了两只小乌龟。
She suffered the tortures of toothaches.     她因牙痛而痛苦。
Our team won the toss so we play first.     我们的队扔硬币赢了， 因此由我们队先开球。
Add this numbers together and give me the total.     把这些数字加起来，告诉我总数是多少。
The children seem to be totally incapable of working quietly by themselves.     这些孩子似乎完全不能安静地自己做功课。
Let's keep in touch.     让我们保持联系。
My fingers are beginning to prick after touching that paste.     我的手指接触那软膏之後就疼起来了.
She's so touchy about being able to look after herself that your offer of help may easily be taken amiss.     她对于自己的自理能力很敏感，你要是主动帮助她，她可能容易见怪。
We won the contract but only through a lot of tough negotiating.     我们赢得了合同，但是却经过了多次不屈不挠的谈判才达到目的。
We went on a guided tour round the castle.     我们随着导游参观了城堡。
Tourism is at its peak in August.     旅游业在八月份达到高峰。
London is full of tourists in the summer.     夏季伦敦有很多游客。
He will take part in a chess tournament next week.     下星期，他将要参加一场国际象棋比赛。
I told him tout court that his services were not required.     我简单地告诉他不需要他的帮助。
We have to tow that car to the nearest garage.     我们不得不把汽车拖到最近的修车厂。
He ran for dear life toward his house.     他拼命地向他的房子跑去。
He was walking towards town when I met him.     我遇到他时，他正往镇上走去。
After her swim she dried herself with a towel.     游泳后，她用毛巾擦干身子。
The bell tower is the emblem of this city.     这座钟楼是这个城市的象征。
Would you rather live in a town, or in the country?     你愿意住在城里还是乡下？
The factory had been sending out toxic fumes.     这家工厂一直在排放有毒的废气。
The cake on analysis was found to contain traces of toxin.     经分析发现蛋糕里含有微量的毒素。
example sentence not found
My daughter has many toys.     我女儿有很多玩具。
The family can trace its history to the 17th century.     这个家族的历史可以追溯到十七世纪。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
We reached the temple through an unfrequented mountain track.     我们沿着一条人迹罕至的小径到达了寺庙。
example sentence not found
Tracking wild animals requires great stealth.     跟踪野生动物必须悄然无声。
He took many photos of the wide tracts of desert in North Africa.     他拍了许多关于北非的广大沙漠的照片。
Serving to pull or draw; exerting traction.     牵引的用来拉或拽的；产生牵引力的
He drove the tractor to his farm.     他开拖拉机去农场了。
China does a lot of trade with many countries.     中国和许多国家进行多方面贸易。
Have you noticed the trademark on the bottle?     你注意到瓶子上的商标了吗？
This trader persuaded me into buying his goods.     这个商人说服我买了他的货物。
The boy's father is a tradesman.     男孩的父亲是一个商人。
In many countries young people still keep up the tradition that women will get married in a long white dress.     许多国家里，年轻人仍保持着妇女结婚时穿白色长礼服的传统。
The traditional breakfast in this area includes bacon and eggs.     这个地区传统的早饭包括火腿和鸡蛋。
There was a lot of traffic on the roads.     这些道路上车辆行人很多。
It was a tragedy that she died so young.     她这么年轻就去世，真是太不幸了。
The famous politician died in a tragic accident.     那位著名的政治家死于一场悲惨的意外事故。
The bride's long skirt trailed along behind her.     新娘的长裙拖在身后。
That's a car with a trailer hitched on to it at the back of the road.     路上有一辆背后挂着一辆拖车的汽车。
Every morning he spent two hours training for the race.     他每天早晨花两个小时练习赛跑。
The company's salary scale range from5, 000 for a trainee to50, 000 for the managing director.     公司工资的等级从学徒工的5，000英镑到总经理的50，000英镑，级别不等。
One who acts as the trainer or second of a boxer.     拳击手的训练者或其比赛时的助手
On the course she received a thorough training in every aspect of the job.     在训练班上，她接受了有关这个工作各方面的全面训练。
One of his less attractive traits is criticizing his wife in public.     他有个不大讨人喜欢的特点，就是爱当众责备妻子。
He was surprised to discover that his best friend had turned traitor.     他惊讶地发现他最好的朋友竟成了叛徒。
The device is in tram.     这一装置调准了
We went for a tramp over the hill.     我们徒步翻过了山头
Don't trample on the grass.     不要践踏草地。
Both my husband and I love the tranquil life in the country.     我丈夫和我都喜欢乡村的宁静生活。
We all like the tranquility of the country life.     我们都喜欢乡村生活的宁静。
example sentence not found
This sort of business can only be transacted in private.     这种事情只能私下处理。
The transaction between them was dismissed.     他们之间的交易告吹了。
example sentence not found
She far transcends the others in beauty and intelligence.     她才貌出众.
She jotted down a few notes, and later transcribed them into an exercise book.     她草草做了些笔记, 然後誊写在练习本上.
example sentence not found
I want to continue my studies. I would appreciate it if you could send me a transcript.     现我准备继续深造。敬请寄一份我在校时学习成绩单为感。
They use a bridge to measure the impedance of the transducer.     他们用电桥来测量传感器的阻抗。
He was soon transferred to another post.     他很快被调职。
example sentence not found
Success and wealth transformed his character.     成功和财富改变了他的性格。
The transformation of that project has been finished.     那个项目的改造已经完成。
An electrical transformer in which the primary and secondary coils have some or all windings in common.     自耦变压器一种电力变压器，其初级线圈与次级线圈部分或全部共用
example sentence not found
One who draws blood for analysis or transfusion.     放血医师为化验或输血而抽血的人
His behavior transgressed the moral rules of the social conduct.     他的行为违背了社会行为的道德准则。
Life is transient.     人生如朝露。
The old man took her transistor everywhere with him.     这个老人随时都带着他的半导体收音机。
The goods were lost in transit.     这些货物在运输中丢失了。
We hope there will be a peaceful transition to the new system.     我们希望能够和平过渡到新的制度。
A transitional point or time, as between two astrological signs.     过渡过渡点或过渡时间，尤指占星术的两个天宫之间的
The meaning of your visit was translated to me as a sign of your affection.     你的拜访对我来说是一种光荣。
It is the translation of theories into practice.     这是理论到实践的转变。
A translator shouldn't intrude his own opinions into what he's translating.     译者不应该擅自把自己的意思加进译文中。
example sentence not found
She wears a translucent silk gown.     她穿着半透明丝质长袍。
We now interrupt our normal transmissions to bring you a special news flash.     我们现中断正常节目，播送一条特别新闻。
This infection is transmitted by mosquitoes.     这种传染病是由蚊子传染的。
A transmitter of disease; a transmitter of tall tales.     疾病传播者；一个散布无稽之谈的人
The transparency and luster of a gem.     水色宝石的透明度及光洁度
Plain glass is transparent.     普通的白玻璃是透明的。
He transplanted the seedlings into peaty soil.     他把幼苗移栽到含泥炭的土壤里。
The transport of goods by air is very expensive.     空运货物费用十分昂贵。
The railroad gives free transportation for a certain amount of baggage.     铁路对一定数量行李免费运送。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
Storm when we transverse is certainly very big.     我们横渡时风浪一定很大。
The police set a trap to catch the thief.     警察设下了捉拿窃贼的圈套。
Sue was troubled to see trash everywhere.     苏看到到处是垃圾很苦恼。
A trauma center; a trauma team.     外伤治疗中心；外伤治疗小组
Nothing can travel faster than light.     光比任何东西都传播得快。
She was too timid to talk with other travelers.     她很害羞，不敢和其他旅行者交谈。
The traveller carries about a camera.     旅行者随身带着一只照相机。
They traversed the valley on foot.     他们徒步走过这座山谷。
He put the toast on the breakfast tray.     他把烤面包片放到早餐托盘里。
Every day the children tread the same path through the woods.     每天孩子们走林中的同一条路。
They have committed treason against the state.     他们已犯了叛国罪。
This museum has many art treasures.     这家博物馆收藏了许多艺术珍品。
The company decided to appoint a new treasurer.     公司决定任命一位新司库。
The Treasury was opposed in principle to the proposals.     财政部原则上反对这些提议。
This meal is my treat, so put your money away.     这顿饭我请客，你把钱收起来吧。
The treatise he wrote is excellent.     他写的论文很优秀。
I tried every treatment the doctor suggested.     我试遍了医生建议的每一种疗法。
The Government has signed a treaty with Moscow.     政府已与莫斯科签了一项条约。
Profits in our company have trebled in the last two years.     我们公司的利润在这两年中增加了三倍。
We plant trees and flowers in spring.     我们在春天种花种树。
Steve and Jack gave a talk about their trek across the Polar ice cap. It was very interesting but it made my hair stand on end just to hear about the dangers they faced.     史蒂夫和杰克讲述了他们在极地冰盖的一段艰苦跋涉，故事津津有味，只是听到他们遇到种种险情时，我吓得很。
example sentence not found
I tremble to think what's going to happen.     我一想到即将发生的事就担心。
He's a tremendous talker.     他是一个非常健谈的人。
Grandfather was in the trenches during the First War.     在第一次世界大战中，我祖父驻守在法国北部前线。
The prices of houses are trending upwards.     房价趋于上涨。
Are you familiar with the laws relating to trespass?     你熟悉关于侵入私人领地的法律吗？
A group or set of three; a triad.     三个一组三个人或物组成的小组，三个一套
That child is a trial to his parents.     那个孩子是他的父母的一块心病。
The angles of a triangle total 180.     三角形的三角之和等于180°。
She has a scarf made of a triangular piece of blue silk.     她有一条用三角形蓝绸子做的围巾。
Tribal lore and custom have been passed down orally.     部落的知识和风俗口耳相传保存下来.
That Indian man is a member of the neighbouring tribe.     那个印第安人是临近部落的成员。
The tribunal has authority to settle certain types of dispute.     裁判所有权解决某些纠纷。
There was one street apart from a tributary road near the end of the village.     除了村子尽头的岔道外，还有一条大路。
Many Greek cities had to send yearly tribute to Athens.     许多希腊城市不得不每年向雅典进贡。
These children loved playing tricks on their teacher.     孩子们喜欢捉弄老师。
The stream is reduced to a mere trickle in summer.     夏天那条小河的水量减少，成了涓涓溪流。
The interviewer cornered the politician with a particularly tricky question.     采访者用一个极其巧妙的问题难住了那个政客.
He told her not to pester him with trifles.     他告诉她别拿些琐事来烦他。
A small, trifling sum.     一小笔少量，微不足道的数目
A pulse to gate the output of a core memory sense amplifier into a trigger in a register.     将磁心存储器读出放大器的输出选通到寄存器的触发器中的一种脉冲。
My daughter has a trim figure.     我女儿身材匀称。
I'll have my hair trimmed tomorrow.     明天我要修剪头发。
He tripped on a tree root.     他被一株树根绊倒了。
example sentence not found
He is a triple murderer.     他谋杀了三个人。
His wife gave birth to triplets.     他妻子生了三胞胎.
example sentence not found
Justice triumphs in the end.     正义终将得胜。
The victorious general made a triumphant return.     这位打了胜仗的将军凯旋而归。
Don't be angry over such trivial matters.     别为这些琐事生气。
Cars and trolleys filled the streets.     汽车和电车塞满了整条街。
We trooped into the meeting.     我们一起走进会场。
His hometown is located in the north to the tropic of cancer.     他的家乡在北回归线的北面。
These tropical flowers have bright colors.     这些热带花卉颜色很艳丽。
The old man set off at a quick trot.     老人快步走开了。
I'm sorry to trouble you, but I wondered if we could have a word some time.     很遗憾要打扰你一下，我想问问我们什么时候能聊聊。
This naughty boy is really troublesome.     这个淘气的男孩子真是惹人烦。
The troupe is now on the road.     剧团正在巡回演出。
He was dressed in a pair of black trousers.     他穿着一条黑色裤子。
I caught six trout in fifteen minutes.     我在十五分钟内钓到了六条鳟鱼。
These three students played truant again.     这三个学生又逃学了。
The two sides called a truce to avoid further bloodshed.     双方宣布停战以避免再有伤亡。
They trucked the goods over immediately.     他们用卡车立刻把这批货物运送过去。
She was always true to her word.     她总是信守诺言的。
He knew he had behaved badly and he seemed truly sorry.     他知道自己表现不好，所以确实显得懊悔。
He played a tune on his trumpet.     他用小号吹奏了一首曲子。
example sentence not found
He cut off the branches from the trunk.     他把树干上的小分枝都剪掉。
My husband trusts me and I don't intend to break that trust.     我的丈夫信任我，所以我不想失去这种信任。
I knew he wasn't trustworthy the minute I set eyes on him!     我第一眼就看出他不是一个值得信赖的人！
There is no truth in what he says.     他说的没有一句实话。
The news he told me is truthful.     他告诉我的消息是真实的。
Would you like to try this jacket on for size, sir?     先生，你要不要试穿一下这件夹克衫，看看尺寸是否合适？
Though things went against Mary, she went on trying.     虽然事情进行得不如意, 玛丽还是继续尝试。
It's time for my dip in the tub.     我该洗澡了。
Our television tube has broken.     我们的电视机显像管坏了。
In cases of tuberculosis blood is expectorated.     肺结核病有咯血症状.
He tucked his shirt into his trousers.     他把衬衫下摆塞入裤中。
Next Tuesday is his birthday.     下周二是他的生日。
Tom felt a tug at his sleeve.     汤姆觉得有人拉了拉他的衣袖。
I'm considering studying calligraphy or Chinese painting. I will look for a teacher as soon as I find an apartment and pay my tuition at school.     我正在考虑要学书法还是中国画，我找到一间公寓并付了学校的学费之后，会立刻找一位老师。
Tulip grows large brightly-colored cup-shaped flower in spring.     郁金香在春天开出颜色鲜亮的杯状的花朵。
The little girl stared at the little cats tumbling over each other in their basket.     小女孩凝视着在篮子里互相翻来滚去的小猫。
He could hear a great tumult in the street.     他听到街上很响的嘈杂声。
I like to eat tinned tuna fish.     我喜欢吃金枪鱼罐头。
He played a tune on the violin.     他用小提琴演奏了一首曲子。
example sentence not found
The orchestra were tuning up as we entered the hall.     我们进入大厅时, 管弦乐队正在调音.
Moles make underground tunnels.     鼹鼠常打地洞。
A disadvantage of the turbine is that it is not reversible.     涡轮机的一个缺点就是它不可以反转。
She tried to calm her turbulent thoughts.     她试图平息一下紊乱的思绪。
He was busy leveling the ground and laying turves.     他正忙于平整土地铺草皮。
People often drink white wine with turkey.     人们经常边吃火鸡肉边喝白葡萄酒。
A Turkish tobacco pipe with a long stem and a red clay bowl.     土耳其长烟管一种有长杆和红色的黏土做的烟斗的土耳其的烟管
I couldn't think; my mind was in a complete turmoil.     我无法思考，我的脑子里一片混乱。
The earth turns round the sun.     地球绕日运行。
example sentence not found
He seems a lathe turner.     他似乎是个旋工。
You take the wrong turning.     你拐错弯了。
Would you like some turnip?     吃点芜菁吗？
A turnkey computer system; a turnkey housing project; a turnkey factory.     一切齐全即可使用的计算机系统；一切齐全即可投入使用的房屋；一切齐全即可投产的工厂
Why does your company have such a rapid turnover of staff?     贵公司人员变动为什麽这麽快?
The factory turns out 900 cars a week.     该厂每周生产900辆汽车.
Corduroy dresses sizes8-16 in white, yellow, red, turquoise, black per100$1,845.     条绒上衣尺码8至16号为白，黄，红，青绿及黑色，每100件价格为1，845美元。
They caught a large turtle on the shore.     他们在海滩上捉到一只大海龟。
He tutored the child in physics.     他给这小孩辅导物理。
Don't spend too much time watching TV.     看电视不要看太长时间。
example sentence not found
He received a twelfth of the money.     他得到了这笔钱中的十二分之一。
Twelve months constitute one year.     十二个月构成一年。
He was the twentieth in the competition.     他在竞赛中名列第二十。
He was a famous artist in the twenties.     他在二十年代是一个著名的艺术家。
I've seen this film twice.     这部影片我已经看过两次了。
She heard a twig snap.     她听到一根细树枝的断裂声。
She often sits in the garden at twilight.     黄昏时分她常常坐在花园里。
She gave birth to twins.     她生了一对双胞胎。
He stared up at the stars twinkling in the sky above him.     他抬眼凝视着头顶上方星光闪烁的天空。
I watched the dancers twirling (across the floor).     我注视著跳舞的人（在舞池中）旋转.
The accident happened at the twist in the road.     这场事故发生在道路的拐弯处。
I have been away from Paris for two weeks.     我离开巴黎已经两星期了。
There are two types of rocks in this area.     这个地区有两种类型的岩石。
In printing, a complete range of design variants of a particular typeface.     在印刷技术中，一整套不同设计的特殊字样。
I did the letter on my electric typewriter.     我是用电动打字机打这封信的。
He developed typhoid fever.     他染上了伤寒。
There was a threat of typhoon.     有刮台风的征兆。
She is a typical Taurus/Taurean/has a typical Taurean personality.     她有典型的金牛座性格.
He is typically American.     他是典型的美国人。
A good typist can finish typing the long article in a short while.     一位好打字员可在短短时间内完成这一长长的文章。
She works for a tyrannical new boss.     她在一个专横的新上司手下工作。
The world has experienced many tyrannies.     这个世界已经经历过许多个专政政权。
The emperor was a tyrant.     那皇帝是个暴君。
There is no tread on the tyre - you should put on a new one.     这条轮胎已经磨平了，你应该换一条新的。
No, it can not be a ufo.     不，不可能是个不明飞行物。
His house looks terrible with those pieces of ugly furniture.     那些难看的家具使得他的家看上去一团糟糕。
The old man has a stomach ulcer.     那个老人得了胃溃疡。
The sun is the ultimate source of energy.     太阳是能量的最基本来源。
Ultimately, the success of the product depends on the good marketing.     最终，产品的成功还是取决于高明的销售手段。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The doctors gave him an ultrasonic brain scan.     医生给他做了脑部超声波扫描检查。
Diagnostic imaging in which ultrasound is used to visualize an internal body structure or a developing fetus.     超声波扫描术利用超声波来显示耳体结构或胚胎发育情况的诊断用的成像法
They use ultraviolet lamp to kill pests.     他们使用紫外线灯杀死害虫。
The wind blew my umbrella inside out.     风把我的伞吹得翻过去了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
I am unable to cycle to school because my bicycle is broken.     我不能骑车上学，因为我的自行车坏了。
Such behavior is unacceptable in a civilized society.     这样的行为在文明社会里是不能接受的。
She felt her works are meaningful when she saw the unaffected delight of the children.     当她看到孩子们自然流露出的喜悦时，她感到自己的工作很有意义。
example sentence not found
The baby cannot sit unaided she has to be propped up on pillows.     那婴儿还不会坐--得让她倚著枕头才行.
The committee were unanimous that the application should be turned down.     委员会一致同意拒绝这项申请。
example sentence not found
Not in love or married; unattached.     未婚的没有谈恋爱或未结婚的；未婚的
Telephone shrilled unattended in deserted office.     在空无一人的办公室里电话铃突然地发出刺耳的尖叫声。
A term applied to a computer system, spaces, or operating procedures when considering the protection of data from corruption or unauthorized access.     为了加强数据的保护，防止非法的存取，用于评价计算机系统、存储空间和运行过程完整程度的一种指标。
I'm afraid Mr. Smith is unavailable now.     对不起，史密斯先生现在不在。
The blame is unavoidable.     责备是不可避免的。
He drove into the ditch completely unaware.     他不知不觉地把车开进了沟里。
The heat outside is unbearable.     外面的高温真让人难以忍受。
It's unbelievable that the event repeated itself years later in the same place.     令人难以置信多年后在同一地区重又发生此类事件。
The unbound sheets of paper were piled up on the table.     还没有装订成册的论文稿件堆放在桌子上。
The uncertain weather delayed our departure.     天气变换莫测，延误了我们启程。
The uncertainty is unbearable!     事情定不下来真让人难以忍受！
example sentence not found
Pertaining to a signal or area which contains either encrypted classified or unclassified information.     用于修饰或说明包含加密的保密或不保密信息的信号或区域。
My uncle is a professor in this university.     我的伯父是这所大学的一名教授。
I am very uncomfortable lying on this hard, cold floor.     我躺在又硬又冷的地上很不舒服。
There was an uncommon likeness between the two boys.     这两个男孩长得像极了。
example sentence not found
On the plaintiff's application for summary judgment the master give the defendant unconditional leave to defend.     原告一提出即判决申请后，法院书记官无条件允许被告进行辩护。
example sentence not found
He was unconscious of his mistake.     他没意识到自己犯了错误。
Her words were inward and indistinct when she was in a state of half unconsciousness.     ＂她处于半昏迷状态时，她说话的声音低沉，模糊不清。＂
Please uncover the pot.     请揭开锅盖。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
She sat very still under the tree.     她在树底下静静地坐着。
He undercharged me 1 for the book/for the book by 1.     我买这本书他少收了我一英镑.
Never underestimate your opponent.     千万不要低估对手。
example sentence not found
She underwent a thorough examination at the hospital.     她在医院里接受了全面检查。
He is a Harvard undergraduate.     他是哈佛大学的学生。
There is an underground car park near the supermarket.     这个超市附近有一个地下停车场。
A deep faith underlies her work among refugees.     她在难民中工作是因为她有很深的信念.
Strikes by prison officers underline the need for reform in our gaols.     监狱工作人员罢工一事，突出地表明我们的监狱制度需要改革。
Upward pressure from underlying magma domes the surface.     地下岩浆的向上推力使地面成圆顶形。
An investigation carried out ostensibly to uncover subversive activities but actually used to harass and undermine those with differing views.     政治迫害表面上是开展揭露颠覆的活动，但实际上用于扰乱和削弱持不同看法的人的调查
The coin rolled underneath the piano.     硬币滚到钢琴的下面了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
If you can't do it, I will understand.     如果你不会做这件事的话，我可以理解。
There is an understanding between us that we will not sell to each other's customers.     我们有个协议，不向对方的顾客出售货物。
We could undertake the work for the time being.     我们可暂时担当这项工作。
He is too timid to venture upon a new undertaking.     他太胆小，不敢从事新的事业。
She likes to wear expensive blue underwear.     她喜欢穿昂贵的兰色内衣。
The shares were underwritten by the Bank of England.     这些股票由英格兰银行包销.
One that insures, especially an insurance underwriter.     保险人提供保险者，特别是保险商
Military intervention is highly undesirable.     军事干涉极不相宜.
Our folly has undone us.     我们的愚蠢行为将自己毁了。
One of your buttons is undone.     你的一个扣子松开了。
That sort of thing, though it undoubtedly descends to the level ofman bites dog journalism, is perhaps unavoidable nowadays.     尽管那种东西毫无疑问已降格为诸如“人咬狗”之类的新闻写作，但在如今却是无法避免的。
He showed undue concern over her.     他对她表现出过份的关心。
An eccentric person, especially one who is unduly zealous.     异人古怪的人，尤指过分狂热的人
I'm uneasy in my mind about the future.     我为前途而忧虑。
The amount of unemployed capital is very large.     未被利用的资金数量很大。
In this period, unemployment reaches record levels.     这段时间的失业人数又达到了创纪录水平。
example sentence not found
My hair has been badly cut and the ends are uneven.     我的头发剪得很糟，发端参差不齐。
The unexpected guest disordered his plans.     这位不速之客打乱了他的计划。
I had just put the dinner on when Jim walked in unexpectedly.     我刚把饭做好，吉姆出人意外地走了进来。
example sentence not found
If some athletes use drugs, it is unfair for the others.     如果有的运动员使用兴奋剂，其他运动员就要吃亏。
This situation is unfavorable for us.     这样的局面对我们来说是不利的。
The army rejected him as medically unfit.     由于体检不合格，部队未接收他。
The eagle unfolded its wings.     雄鹰展开双翅。
It's an unforgettable experience.     这是一次难忘的经历。
He came at an unfortunate time.     他来得不是时候。
Unfortunately, I hurt my knee when I fell down on the ice.     真不幸，我在冰上摔倒时摔伤了膝盖。
A large or ungainly automobile.     大汽车巨大的或笨拙的汽车
We are unhappy about the way the doctor treated us.     我们对医生这样对待我们感到不满。
Their slavish devotion to the leader is unhealthy.     他们对领导的盲目崇拜是不健康的。
An unidentified man shot the President.     一个身份不明的人开枪射杀了总统。
example sentence not found
The unification of Italy resulted in a single country instead of several kingdoms.     意大利统一的结果是出现了一个国家，而 不是好几个王国。
The rows of houses were uniform in appearance.     这一排排的房屋外表都是一样的。
The theory that all geologic phenomena may be explained as the result of existing forces having operated uniformly from the origin of the earth to the present time.     （地）均变说一种理论，可以将所有地质现象解释为从地球起源到现在已均匀作用的现存力的结果
Is it possible to unify such scattered islands into a nation?     有可能把这样一些散落在大海上的岛屿统一成一个国家吗？
The candidates had to state their position on unilateral disarmament.     候选人须 表明他们对单方面裁军所持的立场.
Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.     哲学：是对难以解释的问题作出的难以理解的答案。
Lacking intellectual inquisitiveness or natural curiosity; uninterested.     没好奇心的，不感兴趣的缺乏对知识的渴望或本能的好奇心的；不感兴趣的
Do you belong to a union?     你属于某个工会吗？
It's a unique work of art.     这是独一无二的艺术作品。
The family is the smallest social unit.     家庭是社会最小的单位。
example sentence not found
The more of the masses we unite with, the better.     我们联合起来的群众越多，就越有利。
The United Kingdom consists of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.     联合王国由大不列颠和北爱尔兰组成。
The figure on the left spoils the unity of the painting.     左边的人物有损于画面的效果。
Television provides universal entertainment.     电视提供大众化的娱乐。
The rules do not apply universally.     这些规则并非放诸四海而皆准.
The Earth is only one of the numerous planets in the universe.     地球只是宇宙中众多星球中的一个。
There are many foreign professors in this university.     这所大学有许多外国教授。
example sentence not found
He said that the people's accusation was unjust.     他说人们的指控是不公正的。
Don't be so unkind to your brother.     别对你兄弟这么刻薄。
The director cast her in a leading part when she was a young unknown of 16.     当她还是一个十六岁的无名少女时，导演选中她演主角。
It's an unlawful assembly.     那是非法集会。
I won't go to the party unless I'm invited.     除非我被邀请，否则我不会去参加晚会的。
Unlike my sister, I am a terrible cook.     和我妹妹不同，我是一个糟糕的厨师。
These tactics are unlikely to be helpful to you.     这种方法对你未必有用。
It's unlimited to drive cars at high speed in country.     在乡村开快车没有限制。
example sentence not found
Dockers started unloading the ship.     码头工人开始卸货。
I unlocked the door and went into the room.     我打开房门，然后走进屋里。
It's considered unlucky to walk under a ladder.     从梯子下面走过被认为是不吉利的。
example sentence not found
His unnatural manner made her feel uncomfortable.     他那做作的举止使她感觉很不舒服。
example sentence not found
All this is totally unnecessary.     所有这些完全都是多余的。
example sentence not found
Let's unpack before we go to bed.     咱们打开行李再睡觉吧.
An unpaid, overdue debt or an unfulfilled obligation.     欠帐未付的，逾期债款或未履行的职责
I found his manner extremely unpleasant.     我发现他的态度非常讨厌！
Some economists showed their anxiety on unprecedented level of unemployment.     一些经济学家对失业率达到前所未有的程度表示忧虑。
He is moody and unpredictable.     他喜怒无常而又捉摸不定。
Not fertile; unproductive or barren.     不肥沃的不肥沃的；不生产的或贫瘠的
His honesty is unquestionable.     他很诚实, 这是毫无疑问的.
My knitting has unravelled.     我编织的东西散开了.
The price of this dress is unreasonable.     这件衣服的价格太高了。
example sentence not found
The increasing unemployment caused social unrest.     不断增加的失业引起了社会骚乱。
example sentence not found
She lives in an unsafe city.     她住在一个不安全的城市中。
His answer is unsatisfactory.     他的答案不能令人满意。
I suppose that to a large extent I am the unsigned manuscript of the high school teacher.     我认为自己在很大程度上就是那位中学老师的未署名的手稿。
He must be of unsound mind to pay so much for a house that is practically falling down.     他一定疯了，竟然花那么多钱去购买一幢实际上快要倒塌的房子。
Liable to capsize; unstable.     易于翻转的；不稳定的
He was discouraged by the unsuccessful attempt.     这次不成功的尝试使他气馁。
He's got all the right qualifications but is temperamentally unsuitable.     他具备一切合格的条件，惟独性情不适合。
Articles in Time's Medical Section often alert readers to unsuspected ailments.     《时代》周刊医药栏目里的文章常告诫读者对自己意想不到的疾病保持警惕。
I tried to untie the string but failed.     我试图解开绳子，但没有成功。
I didn't wake up until I heard the alarm clock.     直到听到闹钟的铃声我才醒来。
Her secret remains untold by now.     她的秘密至今仍未透露。
An untoward incident.     一起麻烦的事件
There are several sectors unusable in this disk.     这张磁盘有几个扇区坏了。
These children are unused to city life.     这些孩子不习惯城市生活。
Snow is an unusual sight in this warm place.     下雪在这个温暖的地方是一种罕见的景象。
example sentence not found
The disturbance caused in a circuit by an unwanted transfer of energy from another circuit.     从另一线路传送来的不必要的能量在线路中引起的干扰。
An unwarranted fee, such as one extorted from a new prisoner by a jailer.     勒索的金钱一笔不正当的费用，如看守向新囚犯勒索
Most Chinese think he will be therefrom unwelcome.     大多数中国人认为他将从此不受欢迎。
He is unwilling to help me.     他不愿意帮我。
In my submission these proposals are completely unworkable.     在我看来，这些建议完全不可行。
I got up early this morning.     今天早晨我起床很早。
We have all been conditioned by our upbringing.     我们都习惯於所受的教养.
The data should be updated once a week.     这些数据应该每星期更新一次。
The consulate was upgraded to embassy status.     该领事馆已升格为大使馆.
The President swore to uphold the constitution.     总统宣誓维护宪法。
I can't afford the upkeep of a large house and garden.     我负担不起带花园的大房子的维护费.
example sentence not found
Once upon a time, there lived a princess who was very beautiful.     从前, 有一位非常美丽的公主。
My hometown is in the upper reaches of the river.     我的家乡在这条河的上游地区。
example sentence not found
Several columns among the ruins still stood upright.     在废墟中依然挺立着几根柱子。
The king put down the uprising and killed all the slaves involved.     国王镇压了那次起义，杀死了所有参加起义的奴隶。
There was uproar over the tax increase.     增税引起了一片怨声。
I'm always upset when I don't get any mail.     我接不到任何邮件时总是心烦意乱。
The painting is upside down.     图画颠倒了。
The boy ran upstairs quickly.     男孩很快地跑上楼。
The falls upstream are full of salmon.     该瀑布上流有许多大麻哈鱼.
The production of their factory goes steadily upward.     他们工厂的生产稳步上升。
In convection, hot currents flow upwards.     在对流中热气流向上运动.
Radium and uranium are radioactive elements.     镭和铀是放射性元素.
The planets of our solar system are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.     我们太阳系的行星有水星、金星、地球、火星、木星、土星、天王星、海王星。
You can find out many advantages in urban life.     你会发现都市生活中有许多便利之处。
He urged the horses on with a whip.     他用鞭子策马前行。
Precedence, especially established by order of importance or urgency.     领先，优先尤指按重要性或紧急程度的顺序建立的优先地位
This work is not urgent; we can do it tomorrow.     这件工作不急，我们可以明天再做。
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir, but the director of Buzz Electronics has just arrived. He would like to speak to you rather urgently.     请原谅打扰你一下，先生。巴茨电子公司的总裁已经到了。他非常急切地要和你谈一谈。
example sentence not found
Inflammation of the urinary bladder.     膀胱炎泌尿膀胱的发炎
Someone believes that a baby's urine is a kind of medicine.     有人相信婴儿的尿是一种药。
Did he see us?     他看见我们了吗?
This island is no longer a dependency of the USA.     这个小岛不再是美国的属地。
example sentence not found
The tractor had been damaged by rough usage.     这辆拖拉机因使用不经心而损坏了。
Is this reference book of any use to me?     这本参考书对我有用处吗？
You'll get used to it.     你会习惯的。
She is a useful person to know.     她是个应该结交的有用的人。
Impairment of the usefulness or value of person or property; harm.     损害，破坏对有用或有价值的人或财产的破坏；伤害
It's useless to argue with them.     同他们争论是没有用的。
Our company is the biggest user of electricity in this area.     我们公司是这个地区最大的用电户。
We will meet at the usual time.     我们将在老时间会面。
I'm not usually so late.     我平常并不来得这样晚。
I have to buy some kitchen utensils before starting cooking.     开始做饭前，我还得去买些厨房用具。
Their research project has limited practical utility.     他们的研究项目实用价值很有限。
A technique in which programs or data that are not used at the same time can cover each other for raising memory utilization ratio.     不同时使用的程序或数据可以互相覆盖，以提高内存的利用率的一种技术。
It is hoped that in her new job her talents will be better utilized than before.     希望在新的工作岗位上，她的才干能够得到比以往更好的发挥。
She does her utmost to please her parents.     她竭尽全力使父母高兴。
What utter rubbish he talks!     他完全是胡说！
He gave utterance to his thoughts.     他发表了自己的观点。
She utterly despises him.     她非常瞧不起他。
We still have vacancies for secretaries but other positions have been filled.     我们的秘书名额尚有空缺，但其他职位都满了。
If that room is vacant, we can practice there.     如果那个房间空着，我们可以在那练习。
Where did you go for your vacation?     你去哪里度假了？
She was vaccinate against smallpox as a child.     她小时候就接种了天花疫苗。
He had a vaccination against rabies.     他做了疫苗注射以预防狂犬病。
This vaccine will give you immunity for two years.     接种这种疫苗可有两年免疫力。
His wife's death left him a vacuum in his life.     他妻子的去世使他的生活变得空虚。
Our holiday plans are rather vague.     我们的度假计划还没有明确。
We tried in vain to make him change his mind.     我们想使他改变主意，结果是白费心机。
Taking just a little money with her, she wanders about the Midland moors, vainly seeking employment.     她身上仅带了少许的钱，在英格兰中部荒原上四处漂泊徒劳地求职。
A credit card is not a valid proof of identity.     银行发的支票保付卡不是有效的身份证明文件。
example sentence not found
A statement or an argument used in such a validation.     证词，证言用于这种证实的陈述或辩论
Recognition of another's existence, validity, authority, or right.     确认确认他人的存在、有效性、权威或权力
He has a large farm in the Mississippi Valley.     他在密西西比河流域拥有一个大农场。
Thank you for your valuable service.     感谢你多年的宝贵服务。
She asked for a valuation of her house.     她要求对她的房舍作一估价。
example sentence not found
He valued the house for me at 20000 pounds.     那栋房子他替我估价两万英镑。
The participants said they valued this special opportunity very much and would teach what they had learned to their colleagues and students to help more people master basic computer skills.     老师们纷纷表示，非常珍惜这次宝贵的学习机会，将会把学到的知识教给自己的同事和学生，使更多的人掌握电脑的基本知识。
Have you turned off the water valve?     你关掉水阀了吗？
He brought three people to the party in his van.     他用客货车载了三个人来参加聚会。
example sentence not found
Many types of animals have now vanished from the earth.     很多种类的动物现在已经从地球上绝迹了。
She married the rich man out of vanity.     她出于虚荣心而嫁给了那个富人。
Our army has vanquished the enemy.     我们的军队已经彻底击败了敌人。
A cloud is a mass of vapor in the sky.     云是天空中的水汽团。
Water can be changed into vapour when heated.     水被加热时，可以变成水蒸汽。
His mood is variable.     他的情绪多变。
We are at variance about our lodger.     我们在对待房客的问题上意见不一。
The story has many variants.     这个故事有很多说法.
Prices have not shown much variation this year.     今年物价没显出多大变化。
A borough of northeast New Jersey north-northeast of Paterson. It is primarily residential with varied light industries. Population, 17,084.     霍索恩美国新泽西州东北部一自治村镇，位于帕特森东北偏北。主要为住宅区，有多种轻工业。人口17，084
My last job lacked variety; I was doing the same things all the time.     我上次那份工作缺乏变化，我老是在做同样的事情。
The products we sell are many and various.     我们出售的产品是各式各样的。
The table has been varnished.     桌子上已经涂过清漆了。
The size of the apples varied.     那些苹果大小不同。
The innermost layer of the cortex that forms a sheath around the vascular tissue of roots and some stems.     内皮层皮层的最内层，在根、茎的导管组织周围形成一道叶鞘（茎衣）
She put some roses into the vase.     她把玫瑰花插入花瓶里。
The vast plains stretch for hundreds of miles.     辽阔的平原绵延数百英里。
The worker is dyeing cloth in a vat.     工人正在一个大桶里染布。
In medieval times, poets often called the sky the vault of heaven.     在中世纪时期，诗人常把天空叫作“苍穹”。
I would recommend that you buy a DVD player instead of a VCR.     我建议你买一台DVD机而不是录像机。
example sentence not found
What brand of vegetable oil are you using?     你正在用的植物油是什么牌子？
A vegetarian gets protein not from meat but from its analogues.     素食者所摄取的蛋白质不是来自肉类而是来自近似肉类的食物.
The colorful vegetation of this tropical forest amazed the professor.     这片热带森林色彩纷呈的植被使教授惊讶。
They expressed a vehement protest.     他们表达了强烈的抗议。
Is this your vehicle, sir? asked the policeman.     “这是您的车吗，先生？” 警察问道。
He deceived them under the veil of charity.     他借慈善事业为名欺骗了他们。
I am not in the vein for work.     我没有心情工作。
Gazelles can move with astonishing velocity.     羚羊跑起来速度惊人。
This velvet dress is very beautiful.     这件天鹅绒礼服非常美丽。
example sentence not found
The vendor signs a contract with the purchaser.     卖方须与买方签订契约.
example sentence not found
He took vengeance on the murderer.     他向谋杀者报了仇。
I look down on man who vents his anger on his family after having a bad day at work.     我瞧不起那些工作不顺心就拿家里人出气 的男人。
They are ventilating the sap of a coal mine.     他们正在使煤矿坑道通风。
The ventilation isn't working.     通风设备出故障了。
He chose a book at a venture from the shelves.     他从书架上随便挑了一本书。
The planets of our solar system are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.     我们太阳系的行星有水星、金星、地球、火星、木星、土星、天王星、海王星。
You have omitted the verb in the sentence.     你把这个句子中的动词丢了。
I am making a verbal translation.     我正在逐字的翻译。
The jury announced their verdict.     陪审团做出了裁决。
The little boy walked along the grass verge, trying not to step into the field.     这个小男孩沿着草地的边上走，小心不踩到地里。
Verification (eg Checking that weapons have been removed) could be an obstacle to an arms agreement.     裁减军备协议难以达成, 症结在於如何证实（如检查武器确已销毁）.
example sentence not found
The computer verified whether the data was loaded correctly.     计算机查实数据输入是否正确。
He's a very versatile performer; he can act, sing, dance, and play the piano.     他是个多才多艺的演员，会演戏，唱歌，跳舞，还会弹钢琴。
This play was written in verse.     这个剧本是用诗体写成的。
Adequately versed in a subject.     精通的在某一学科上很精通的
This shirt is a cheaper version of the one I saw in that shop.     这件衬衫同我在那家商店里见到的几乎一样，但它是便宜货。
example sentence not found
Situated at the vertex or highest point; directly overhead.     顶点的在顶点或者最高点的；头的正上方的
The northern face of the mountain is almost vertical.     这座山向北的一面几乎是垂直的。
A cylindrical mass drilled vertically into the earth and removed from it to determine composition or presence of oil or gas.     钻心圆柱形物质，用于垂直地钻入地下然后取出以测定石油或天然气的组成或存在
Thank you very much.     非常感谢。
There are some fishing vessels in the harbor.     港湾里有许多渔船。
The constitution vests the president with the power to declare war.     宪法授予总统宣战权。
His grandfather was a veteran of the World War II.     他的祖父是二战时的老兵。
Japan exercised her veto to block the resolution.     日本使用了否决权反对该项决议。
His silly chatter would vex you.     他那无聊的闲扯会使你烦恼。
He was vexed at his failure.     他因失败而糟心。
I can send him a note via the internal mail system.     我可以通过内部通信系统给他发个通知。
example sentence not found
His voice vibrated with passion.     他激动得声音发颤。
He told me that middle C is equivalent to 256 vibrations per second.     他告诉我说中央C音相当于每秒振动256次。
Drunkenness is his sole vice.     酗酒是他唯一的恶习。
All the ships in the vicinity of the crash joined in the search for survivors.     撞船事故发生地区的所有船只都参加了搜寻幸存者的工作。
He gave the dog a vicious blow with his stick.     他用手杖恶狠狠地打了那条狗一顿。
He fell a victim to the dagger of the assassin.     他死于刺客的匕首之下。
The checker made a check on all the victims' friends.     检查者对所有受害者的朋友进行了调查。
He is the victor of the game.     他是这项运动的优胜者。
It was a happy day when our football team was victorious.     我们很高兴，我们的足球队获得了胜利。
People in the city held a great party to celebrate their victory.     本市的市民举行了盛大的晚会庆祝他们的胜利。
There is no video signal.     没有视频信号。
example sentence not found
An interactive videotex system in which information can be retrieved or transmitted over television cables or telephone lines.     视传系统一种相互作用的视传系统，通过电视电缆或电话线接收或传播信息
His view of life is different from yours.     他的人生观与你的不同。
example sentence not found
A viewer or listener's telephone conversation with or telephone call to the host of such a show.     热线听众或观众上述节目中与主人进行电话交谈或打电话的观众或听众
A person who has an academic viewpoint or a scholarly background.     学术界人士有学术观点或学术背景的人
His views on capital punishment are unpalatable to many.     他对死刑存废的见解许多人都不以为然.
The police said that the public should be vigilant.     警方说公众应保持警惕。
He was noted for his vigor.     他以精力充沛而出名。
These corn plants are very vigorous.     这些玉米秧正茁壮生长。
The laws are still in vigour.     这些法律仍然有效。
He lived in No.3 villa.     他住在3号别墅。
He lived in a picturesque village.     他住在一个风景如画的村庄里。
The villain carried off the young girl and tied her to the railway line.     坏蛋掳走了年轻的姑娘，把她捆绑在火车路轨上。
Subsequent events vindicatedhis suspicions.     後来的事实表明他的怀疑有道理.
He cut some grapes for me from the vine.     他为我从藤上剪下了一些葡萄。
He put some vinegar in the noodles.     他在面条里放了些醋。
The farmer has a vineyard on his farm.     那个农场主在他的农场里有一个葡萄园。
The country violated the international agreement.     这个国家违反了国际协议。
NATO's invasion of this independent country is a brutal violation of human rights.     北约对这个独立的国家的侵略是对人权的野蛮侵犯。
She slammed the door with violence.     她砰的一声用力关上了门。
She was in violent temper.     她暴跳如雷。
She planted some violets in the garden.     她在花园里种了一些紫罗兰。
He can play violin well.     他小提琴拉得很好。
A gene that causes the transformation of normal cells into cancerous tumor cells, especially a viral gene that transforms a host cell into a tumor cell.     致癌基因导致正常细胞转变为癌变细胞的基因，尤其是一种把寄主的细胞变为肿瘤细胞的病毒基因
She remained a virgin all her life.     她终生未婚。
A virtual state of war exists between the two countries.     这两国间实际上处于战争状态。
Virtually all the members were in agreement with the proposal.     几乎所有的成员都同意这项提议。
He said his plan had the virtue of being the easiest to implement.     他说他的计划的优点是最简单易行。
A person who is virtuous is also courteous.     有德者必知礼。
A virulent form of cancer.     癌症的一种致命形式
We should be watchful of computer viruses.     我们应该警惕计算机病毒。
I was eventually granted an exit visa.     我终于获得了出境签证。
But there will always be a visceral aspect to choosing a President. The reason so many people remain dissatisfied with the current candidates is that they yearn to be swept off their feet by inspirational speeches and glamorous looks, strong leadership and untarnished reputations.     选择总统总会有情感的一面。这么多人对目前候选人不满意是因为他们渴望候选人能以富有灵感的演说、引人的外表、强有力的领导才能和了无瑕疵的声誉来博得他们的支持。
Sticky and viscous.     粘性的；胶粘的
Fog restricted visibility.     雾天能见度很低。
The tower was visible from afar.     从远处就能望到那座塔。
I've had my eyes tested and the report says that my vision is perfect.     我的眼睛检查过了，检查报告说我的视力非常好。
He makes several business visits to American every year.     他每年都要为商务到美国去几次。
Visitors to the castle are asked not to take photographs.     来城堡参观者不得拍照。
Two visitors were brutally slain yesterday.     昨天有两名游客惨遭杀害。
He has a good visual memory.     他有良好的视觉记忆力。
I can't visualize myself ever getting married.     我不能想像我有朝一日能结婚.
The leader's vital and cheerful manner filled his men with courage.     指挥官朝气蓬勃和欢欣愉悦的神态使士兵们勇气倍增。
Oranges contain vitamin C.     橙子含有维生素C。
This girl gave a vivid description of the event.     那女孩对这件事作了一番生动的描述。
The film vividly shows the stark realities of life for the poor and hungry.     这部影片生动地揭示了贫穷和饥饿的人们赤裸裸的生活现实。
example sentence not found
He has an extensive vocabulary.     他词汇很丰富。
The tongue is one of the vocals.     舌头是发声器官之一。
Nursing is a vocation as well as a profession.     护理工作既是职业又是救死扶伤的责任。
We will have some vocational training before graduation.     毕业前，我们会接受一些职业训练。
example sentence not found
His novels were in vogue ten years ago.     他的小说十年前风靡一时。
We could hear the children's voices in the garden.     我们可以听到花园里孩子们的声音。
example sentence not found
That part of the town is completely void of interest for visitors.     城镇的那部分对游客完全没有吸引力。
Petrol is volatile.     汽油容易挥发。
A mathematical measure of the sensitivity of rates of return on a portfolio or a given stock compared with rates of return on the market as a whole. A high degree of such sensitivity indicates moderate or high price volatility.     证券的β因素一种数学手段，对某有价证券或某种给定股票的回报率与整个市场回报率相比的敏感性进行测量。这种高程度敏感性表明其价位处于中度或高度易变状态
An active volcano may erupt at any time.     活火山随时可能喷发。
He was hit by a volley of snowballs.     他被一阵投来的雪球击中了。
Volleyball is my favorite sport.     排球是我最喜欢的运动。
A unit of electric power equal to the product of one volt and one ampere, equivalent to one watt.     伏安法功率单位，等于一伏特和一安培的乘积，等于一瓦特
The function of the transformers is to change electric power from one voltage to another.     变压器的功用就是把电力从一种电压改变为加一种电压。
The television is too loud; turn the volume down.     电视声音太响了，把音量调低点儿。
Many social services are still provided by voluntary societies in our city.     在我们的城市，许多社会服务仍然是有志愿团体提供的。
Can I have a volunteer to wash the dishes?     谁自愿来帮忙收拾一下这些盘子？
He vomited up all he had eaten.     他把吃下的东西全吐了出来。
At the end of the meeting, a vote was taken on the motion.     会议结束前对该项提议进行了表决。
This policy will not appeal to the voters.     这项政策不会受到选民的欢迎。
Convicted criminals are debarred from voting in elections.     已判刑的罪犯均被褫夺选举投票权.
The experts have vouched for the painting's authenticity.     专家已经确认了该画是真迹。
A company that vouchers employees when the payroll cannot be met.     公司在发不出工资时给职员一定的凭证
All the men took a vow of loyalty to their leader.     所有士兵都发誓效忠他们的指挥官。
The vowels in the English alphabet are a,e,i,o,u, and, sometimes, y.     英语的元音字母有a，e，i，o，u，有时也包括y。
They planned to voyage across the Pacific Ocean.     他们计划做穿越太平洋的旅行。
Her taste in clothing is rather vulgar.     她穿着相当俗气。
example sentence not found
The potato is vulnerable to several pests.     马铃薯易受几种害虫的侵害.
There's no bridge; we'll have to wade across (the stream).     没有桥, 我们得渡过（小河）去.
I prefer icecream and wafers.     我喜欢吃冰激凌和威化饼干。
The news set tongues wagging.     那则消息使人们议论纷纷。
The government has introduced a wage freeze.     政府已宣布要冻结工资。
Would you care to have a small wager on the game?     你愿意在这场比赛上下个小赌注吗？
The enemy attacked our wagon train.     敌人袭击了我们的运货马车队。
The wind wailed in the forest all night.     风在林子里彻夜呼啸。
She wears a ribbon belt round her waist.     她在腰部束了一条缎带。
I don't like this long wait.     我不喜欢这种长时间的等待。
He called the waiter to bring the menu.     他叫侍者拿菜单来。
Passengers thronged the station waiting for their trains.     乘客们拥挤在火车站上等候乘车。
She is a waitress in a restaurant.     她是饭店的女服务员。
example sentence not found
I usually wake up early.     我通常醒得很早。
I was wakened by the telephone.     我被电话铃吵醒了。
He was walking up and down the station platform.     他在火车站的月台上走来走去。
A person traveling on foot; a walker.     行人，步行的人走着旅行的人；步行者
The castle walls are very thick.     城堡的墙很厚。
My wallet was stolen last Saturday.     上周六我的钱包被偷了。
The wallpaper in our bedroom has a pattern of orchids.     我们卧室的壁纸是兰花图案的。
This box is made of walnut.     这个箱子是胡桃木做的。
The child looked pale and wan.     这孩子看上去脸色不好，一副有病的样子。
The magician is waving a magic wand.     魔术师在挥舞魔杖。
Please don't wander off the point.     请不要离题。
By now the power of the Roman Empire was on the wane.     到这时，罗马帝国已日益衰败。
He wants me to go with him.     他希望我同他一起去。
We have had two world wars in this century.     本世纪我们已经经历了两次世界大战。
The patient lay quietly on his bed in the medical ward.     病人安静地躺在内科病房的床上。
What are the duties of a traffic warden?     街道停车管理员的职责是什麽?
He put all his clothes in the big wardrobe.     他把所有的衣服都放在大衣柜里。
There are many small wares in the store.     商店里有许多种小百货。
They stored their goods in a warehouse.     他们把货物储存在一个仓库里。
example sentence not found
The naval warfare ended in our victory.     这次海战以我们的胜利而告终。
He was pleased with their warm welcome.     他们的热烈欢迎使他很高兴。
The suggestion was warmly welcomed.     这项建议受到热烈欢迎。
He was pleased by the warmth of his welcome.     他因受到热烈欢迎而高兴。
He warned me against going there at night.     他警告我晚上不要到那去。
They attacked without a warning.     他们不宣而战。
That does not warrant you in doing so.     那并不表明你有理由这样做。
Her interference was not warranted.     她干涉得毫无道理.
The machine is still under warranty.     这台机器仍在保修期内
The Mongolians are a warrior race.     蒙古民族是一个骁勇的民族。
The Queen is to launch a new warship today.     今天女王要主持新军舰下水仪式.
They kept a wary eye on the robber.     他们密切注意那个强盗。
I must wash my hands before dinner.     吃饭前，我必须洗手。
Wasps look similar to bees.     黄蜂看上去很像蜜蜂。
You must allow for five per cent wastage in transit.     在运输中要允许有百分之五的损耗量.
It's only a waste of time to speak to her.     和她说话纯粹是浪费时间。
Recklessly wasteful; wildly extravagant.     恣意挥霍的毫不在意地浪费的；极其奢侈的
The soldiers were keeping close watch over the enemies.     士兵们严密注意着敌人的行动。
The guard should be watchful during the night.     警卫在黑夜里也应该警醒。
Water is changed into steam by heat and into ice by cold.     水加热则成为蒸汽，冷却则成为冰。
They took many pictures of the waterfall yesterday.     昨天他们拍了许多瀑布的照片。
A wall or embankment, as in a mine or along a waterfront, that acts as a protective barrier.     （坑内的）堵壁、堤岸、挡土墙在矿井里或沿着水边的墙或堤，用来当作当保护物的障碍物
These are waterproof fabrics.     这些是防水面料。
A watertight cylindrical vessel, open at the top and fitted with a handle; a bucket.     桶一种不漏水的圆柱形容器，顶部敞开并安有把手；水桶
A waiter brought him a watery coffee.     一个侍者给他端来一杯稀咖啡。
The lamp needs a 100-watt bulb.     那盏灯需要100瓦的灯泡。
She has a natural wave in her hair.     她的头发自然卷曲。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
The ratio of luminous flux at a specific wavelength to the radiant flux at the same wavelength.     发光效率一定波长的光量对同样波长的辐射光量的比例
The disaster caused him to waver in his faith.     这件灾难使他对信仰发生了动摇。
The magician is waving a magic wand.     魔术师在挥舞魔杖。
He lit up a wax candle.     他点燃了一支蜡烛。
The discussion wandered way off the point.     这项讨论偏离了主题。
We have seen the film.     我们已经看过这部电影。
Your argument is too weak to convince me.     你的论点太薄弱了，说服不了我。
Nothing can weaken his resolve to become a lawyer.     什么也动摇不了他要当律师的决心。
We all have our little weaknesses.     我们都有些小缺点。
How did he acquire his wealth?     他的财富是怎样得来的？
He was born in a wealthy family.     他出生在一个富裕的家庭。
Whether a gun is a weapon of offence or a weapon of defense depends on which end of it you are at.     枪是攻击武器还是防御武器，要看你的目的而定。
The soldiers were well equipped with weapons and ammunition.     士兵们装备好了武器和弹药.
She never wears green.     她从不穿绿色的衣服。
I feel weary after such a long journey.     经过这么长时间的旅行后，我觉得很累。
What is the weather like today?     今天天气情况怎样？
example sentence not found
The driver was weaving his way through the traffic.     司机在车辆和人流中曲折前进。
His sister is a weaver in this factory.     他姐姐是这个工厂的一名纺织工。
Spiders weave webs.     蜘蛛结网。
He is wedded to his own opinion and nothing can change him.     他固执己见，什么也不能让他改变。
He attended his brother's wedding.     他参加了他弟弟的婚礼。
He cut the cake into pieces and gave each of us a wedge.     他把蛋糕切成块，给我们每人分了一块。
I have an appointment on Wednesday.     我星期三有个约会。
I spent the whole day weeding in the garden.     我一整天都在锄园子里的草。
He is very busy this week.     这星期他会很忙。
I don't stay out late on weekdays.     工作日的时候我不在外面呆得很晚。
Have you any plan to spend the weekend?     这个周末有什么计划？
Twice weekly I go swimming.     每星期我去游泳两次。
She wept bitter tears over her lost youth.     她为自己逝去的青春痛苦地流泪。
He weighed the ideas in his mind.     他在脑中权衡着这些想法。
He gained some weight recently.     近来，他的体重增加了。
I heard weird shrieks in the darkness.     我在黑暗中听到奇怪的尖叫声。
You are always welcome to our house.     欢迎你随时到我们家。
Some metals weld better than others.     有些金属容易焊，有的不容易焊。
The government decided to promote public welfare.     政府决定发展公共福利。
The police found the lost treasure in an abandoned well.     警察在一口废弃的井里找到了丢失的财宝。
I live in the west of the city.     我住在该城市的西部。
America is a western country.     美国是一个西方国家。
A native or inhabitant of an Occidental country; a westerner.     西方人在西方国家居住的当地人或居住者
We'd better go in the westward direction.     我们最好向西走。
We'd better go in the westward direction.     我们最好向西走。
I went out in the rain and got wet through.     我冒雨出去，结果被淋得湿透了。
The blue whale is the world's largest living animal.     蓝鲸是当今最大的动物。
One that hunts or processes whales.     捕鲸人捕猎或加工鲸鱼的人
The ship was allowed to unload cargo on the wharf.     那艘船被允许在码头上卸货。
She is not what she was a few years ago.     她已经不是几年前的她了。
Goats eat whatever they can find.     山羊什么都吃。
Whatsoever nonsense the newspaper prints, some people always believe it.     无论报纸上刊登什么荒谬的东西，总有人相信。
They are grinding wheat into flour.     他们正在把小麦磨成面粉。
The sails of the windmill were wheeling round.     风车的叶轮正在旋转。
His bad leg condemned him to a wheelchair.     他的残腿使他离不开轮椅。
When did that happen?     那件事是什么时候发生的？
Come whenever you like.     你什么时候想来就来。
Where did she get the news?     她从哪儿得到这个消息的？
She won't tell me whereabouts she put it.     她不告诉我她把它放在哪儿了。
Whereas we want a flat, they would rather live in a house.     我们想住公寓房，而他们却想住一所房子。
Whereby shall we find fault with him?     我们凭什么指责他呢？
Wherein does the difficulty lie?     困难何在？
Sit wherever you like.     随便坐在哪里吧。
I don't know whether he is willing to come.     我不知道他是否愿意来。
He lost his way, which delayed him considerably.     他迷了路，这使他耽搁了很久。
Whichever you buy, there is a six-month guarantee.     不论买哪个都有六个月保质期。
I haven't seen him for a long while.     我已经很久没见到他了。
In data security, the transmission of data to unauthorized users by processes with legitimate access to data. A compiler, for example, could leak a proprietary program whilst it is being compiled.     在数据保密学中，通过合法访问数据的进程将数据传输给未授权的用户的过程。例如，编译程序在编译期间便可能泄漏专用程序。
Their team really whipped ours at volleyball.     他们的排球队彻底击败了我们队。
His head whirled.     他头昏了。
He has heavy whiskers.     他长着很重的连鬓胡子。
This whisky is very good.     这种威士忌非常好。
The children were whispering in the corner.     孩子们正在角落里低声耳语。
He gave a loud whistle of gladness.     他吹了一声响亮的口号表示高兴。
Her face turned white at the news.     听到这个消息，她的脸色变白了。
The opposition dismissed the report as a whitewash.     反对党认为这份报告过于修饰而不予理会。
This is the man who wanted to see you.     这就是要见你的那个人。
Whoever can that be at the door?     在门口的究竟是谁呢？
The whole country was anxious for peace.     全国上下都渴望和平。
The wholesale prices of these shirts are 45 dollars.     这些衬衫的批发价是45美元。
Owing to being that the electronic component is formed, and not wearing, and whether not to have the method does his having be used, and so wholesaler can sell very easily old the chip like being sold the new chip.     由于是电子元件构成，没有磨损，也没有方法办他的是否被用过，所以批发商可以象卖新的芯片一样非常容易地销售旧的芯片。
It wouldn't be wholesome for you to go there.     你去那儿恐怕不安全。
You are not wholly to blame for the accident.     你不应承担事故的全部责任。
That is the man about whom we were speaking.     他就是我们刚才谈论的那个人。
When the land was seen, the sailor let out a whoop of joy.     当看见陆地时，那水手发出一声欢呼。
Whose house is that?     那是谁的房子？
Why not let her do as she likes?     为什么不让她想怎么做就怎么做呢？
The little boy had a wicked twinkle in his eyes.     这个男孩的眼睛里闪烁着调皮的光。
She stared at him with wide eyes.     她睁大眼睛注视他。
This accident is widely known.     这场事故众所周知。
He wants to widen his knowledge of the industry.     他想扩充自己在这一行业的知识。
A widening in a highway to allow vehicles to pass or park.     避车道，停车道高速分路上可以错车或停的宽大空间
The forests are widespread in our country.     我们的国家森林分布很广。
That widow is a kind person.     那个寡妇是个善良的人。
The widower did not remarry.     那鳏夫未曾再娶.
The garden is six meters in width.     花园的宽度为六米。
She wields a lot of influence.     她是个很有影响力的人。
She is a good wife and a devoted mother.     她是一位贤妻良母。
North America has the world's best climate for wild grapes.     北美的气候是世界上最适合野生葡萄生长的。
From his attic window he looked out over a wilderness of roofs.     从他阁楼的窗子望出去，他看到一大片屋顶。
There was some marvellous wildlife photography in the documentary.     这部记录片里有些绝妙的野生动物镜头。
I will do my best.     我将会尽力而为。
Are you willing to help?     你愿意帮忙吗？
I'd be the first to admit (ie I will most willingly admit) I might be wrong.     我愿第一个承认我可能错了.
He indicated his willingness with a nod of his head.     他点头表示愿意。
Willowes are common in this city.     柳树在这个城市很常见。
He soon won a reputation for himself.     他很快就成名了。
The river winds to the sea.     那条河蜿蜒地流入大海。
I went home along a winding mountain path.     我沿着弯曲的山路回家。
Windmills are a common sight in Holland.     风车是荷兰常见的景色。
He looked out of the window.     他向窗外看去。
She stared out of the windows, lost in daydreams.     她凝视窗外，陷入白日梦中。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
It's windy today.     今天有风。
He likes to drink red wine at supper.     他喜欢在晚饭时喝红葡萄酒。
example sentence not found
The bird's left wing was hurt.     这只鸟的左翼受伤了。
She winked at me.     她向我眨眼。
Who's the winner of the tennis match?     这次网球赛的优胜者是谁？
Winter is the coldest season in a year.     冬季是一年中最冷的季节。
I wiped my shoes on the mat before I came in.     我在进门前把鞋在垫子上擦了擦。
The rope was not strong enough, so we used wire.     这根绳子不够结实，所以我们用金属线。
The police talked to each other by wireless.     警察用无线电通话。
He examined the wiring scheme carefully.     他仔细检查线路图。
He is a man of great wisdom.     他是一个才智超群的人。
She is wise in money matters.     她善于理财。
His wish to be an actor has come true.     他想当演员的愿望实现了。
Oscar Wilde was a famous wit.     奥斯卡・王尔德是个著名的风趣的人。
The witch turned the princess into a swan.     巫婆把公主变成了一只天鹅。
You are either with me or against me.     你不是支持我就是反对我。
He withdrew his horse from the race.     他让他的马退出了比赛。
He has made several withdrawals from his account recently.     最近他已经好几次从银行提取现款。
She withdrew all her savings and left the country.     她把全部存款取出後离开了那个国家.
The cold withered the leaves.     严寒使树叶凋落。
I withheld payment until they had fulfilled the contract.     他们履行合同后，我才付钱。
I'll be coming within an hour.     一小时之内我就会到。
The rumor was without foundation.     那条谣言毫无根据。
Children's furniture must withstand kicks and blows.     孩子用的家具必须经得起拳打脚踢。
Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward.     警方呼吁目击者挺身而出。
His witty remark caused a storm of laughter.     他的妙语引起一阵哄堂大笑。
He is a wizard at playing the piano.     他是个钢琴奇才。
Woe betide anyone who arrives late!     谁迟到谁倒霉！
It is said that there are wolves in this forest.     据说这片森林里有狼。
Woman is physically but not mentally weaker than man.     女子在体力上而不是智力上比男子弱。
They wondered at his learning.     他们对他的学识感到惊奇。
Autumn is a wonderful season.     秋天是极好的季节。
You should put some more wood in the fire.     你应该再往火里添些木料。
The actress gave a rather wooden performance.     那个女演员的表演相当呆板。
Woodpeckers have long beaks.     啄木鸟长着长嘴。
The police searched all the woods within a six-mile radius.     警察搜索了在周围六英里以内的树林各处。
This wool suit is very expensive.     这套毛料套装十分昂贵。
We have to wear woolen clothes in the cold winter.     寒冷的冬天，我们不得不穿毛织品。
A man was lying in the box on top of a pile of woollen goods.     一个男人躺在箱子里的一堆毛织品上。
My friend sent word that he was well.     我朋友捎来口信说他很好。
He cast his last remark in more formal wording.     他用更正式的措词表达了最后一句话。
His words were followed by a pregnant pause.     他说完话，接着是一段意味深长的停顿。
A wordy phrase or sentence that has little meaning.     赘语无意义的施沓冗长的短语或句子
It was hard work getting the children off to bed.     哄孩子们去睡可不是容易的事。
If we put our heads together we can probably thresh out a workable scheme.     如果我们集思广益，也许能琢磨出一个切实可行的方案。
Our ordinary workday is eight hours.     我们正常的工作日是8小时。
He is a skilled worker.     他是个熟练工人。
Laid-off workers fall into penury.     下岗职工陷入贫困。
The farmer's harrow was broken during his working.     农夫正在劳动的时候，耙子断了。
The workmen fixed the water system.     工人们装好了供水系统。
Look at the workmanship on the carved desk.     看这雕花桌子的工艺多么精湛。
They are repairing the defense works.     他们正在修防御工程。
We'll have a poetry workshop.     我们将开个诗歌研习会。
example sentence not found
He is the richest man in the world.     他是世界上最富有的人。
That shall do it, thank you for call worldwide flowers. Bye.     那好，谢谢你给我们打电话。再见。
You miserable worm!     你这个可怜虫！
Small children are right to fear the night-- but it is shift- worker, not bogeyman, they shall be worried about.     小孩子害怕晚上是正常的－但是他们应该担心的是上夜班的工人，而不是怪物。
Don't worry about it.     别担心/放松点。
I'm afraid he is getting steadily worse.     恐怕他的病情越来越严重了。
She was blind to the silent worship in his eyes.     她没有发觉他眼里流露出的无声的敬慕之情。
That was the worst airline disaster in history.     那是历史上最严重的空难。
The house is worth a lot of money.     这栋房子值很多钱。
I feel that such gatherings are worthless.     我认为这样的集会毫无价值。
That's worthwhile.     那是值得的。
She proved herself a worthy successor to the former champion.     她证明了自己是前冠军的当之无愧的接替人。
Would you please lend me your pencil?     请把铅笔借给我用用好吗？
The wound is healing fast.     伤口愈合得很快。
The wounded boy could not forbear to cry out.     受伤的男孩忍不住哭了。
The plans for the new space mission are still under wraps.     新的太空宇航计划仍未公开。
In word processing, an editing feature in which the system automatically adjusts the right hand margin for insertion or deletion of copy during playback. Word and sometimes page wraparound is automatically performed as needed.     字（词）处理技术中的一种编辑特性，在此特性下，系统在副本中插入或删除后，右边自动对齐。在需要时，系统自动完成卷字和卷页。
Please put all your sweet wrappers in the dustbin.     请把你们的糖纸都放进垃圾箱里去。
I fear his wrath more than anything.     我最害怕他发怒。
They put some wreathes on the ground.     他们把一些花环放在地上。
Mist wreathed the hilltops.     山顶上薄雾环绕。
Have they found the wreck of the ship?     他们找到那艘船的残骸了吗？
He closed the door so hard that he wrenched the handle off.     他关门用力过猛，连门把手都拧了下来。
She wrestled with her attacker.     她和袭击她的人扭打。
He felt wretched after illness.     他病后感到苦恼。
Give the wet clothes a wring.     把那些湿衣服拧一下。
She's beginning to get wrinkles round her eyes.     她的眼角开始有皱纹了。
She wears a ring round her wrist.     她的手腕上戴着一只镯子。
I've been writing for three hours.     我已经写了三个小时了。
He became a writer.     他成了一名作家。
I can't read the doctor's writing.     我看不明白那位医生的笔迹。
It is a fact that I have written this sentence.     我写了这个句子是事实。
What's wrong with you?     你怎么回事？
His remarks were wrongly construed.     他的话被错误地解释了。
A small, exquisitely wrought trinket.     珠宝，首饰小巧精致的装饰物
example sentence not found
Could you Xerox this letter please?     请你把这封信复印一份好吗？
example sentence not found
Huge waves drove the yacht onto the rocks.     巨浪把游艇卷到岩石上。
Cloth is sold by the yard.     布是按码卖的。
We stayed up yarning until midnight.     我们讲故事一直讲到半夜才睡。
I gave a loud yawn, but he just kept on talking.     我大声打了个呵欠，可他还是不停地讲下去。
Oh, yeah?     哦，是吗?
I've known her for years.     我认识她好几年了。
A periodical published yearly; a yearbook.     年刊；年鉴每年出版一次的期刊；年刊
The meeting is held yearly.     会议每年举行一次。
He yearned to return to his native land.     他渴望回到故乡。
The company doubled its size in nine years.     9年来这家公司的规模扩大了一倍。
Yeast must be used in producing wine.     制酒时必须使用酵母菌。
Don't yell at me!     别对我大喊大叫！
The leaves of the book had yellowed with age.     书页因年久而变黄。
Answer with a plain yes if you agree with me.     如果你同意我的意见，就明白地回答“是”。
He arrived yesterday.     他昨天到达的。
He hasn't done much yet.     他做的还不很多。
These trees gave a high yield of fruit this year.     这些果树今年获得了大丰收。
His army never came under the yoke of invaders.     他的军队从来不向侵略者屈服。
The yolk is the yellow part in an egg.     蛋黄是鸡蛋中的黄色部分.
You must all listen carefully.     你们都必须仔细听着。
This young girl is my daughter.     这个年轻的女孩是我的女儿。
He looks ten years younger.     他看起来年轻了10岁。
People, especially youngsters don't seem so polite these days.     ＂如今人们，尤其是年青人好象不那么讲礼貌了。＂
Your hands are dirty.     你的手很脏。
This is our room, and yours is down the passage.     这是我们的房间，你们的在走廊的那一头。
You and your sister said so yourselves.     你和你姐姐都这么说。
You two have only yourselves to blame.     你们俩只能怪自己。
In his youth, he had shown great promise.     他在青少年时代就显得很有出息。
No one can remain youthful forever.     没有人能永保青春。
Pay back the5,000 Yuan I loan you by today.     我借给你的5，000元，今天还我吧。
I really admire her she's so full of zap!     我真佩服她--精力那麽充沛!
She shows great zeal for knowledge.     她表现出强烈的求知欲。
The zealous demonstrators were ignored by the media.     热情的示威游行者被新闻媒介忽视了。
Seemingly everyone likes the zebra.     似乎每个人都喜欢斑马。
It was five below zero last night.     昨夜温度是零下五度。
The element of risk gave (an) added zest to the adventure.     这种冒险成分更给探险活动平添几分乐趣.
There is a zigzag path in the garden.     花园里有一条之字形的小道。
You should first put a small piece of zinc plate into the cup.     首先，要向杯子里放一小片锌板。
This dress fastens (up) (ie has buttons, a zip, etc) at the back.     这件连衣裙是在背後系扣的.
example sentence not found
They escaped from the war zone.     他们逃出了交战区。
My children cried out with glee when I said I would take them to the zoo.     当我说带孩子们去动物园时，他们高兴地喊叫起来。
The professorship of zoology is vacant and has been advertised.     动物学教授的职位空缺，已登广告徵聘。
Overnight trading caused share prices to zoom (up).     一夜的交投使股票价格直线上升.