 Would you do me a favor?     你能帮我一个忙吗？
example sentence not found
 The clerk reckoned the expenditure last week with an abacus.     那位职员用算盘将上周的花销计算出来。
 They had abandoned all hope.     他们已经放弃了一切希望。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An abbreviation for formula calculation language, a high-level programming language not too widely used.     公式计算语言的简称，应用不太广泛的一种高级程序设计语言。
 Inquire firm work jointly with abc company impression quite reliable president rather calculating.     咨询公司与ABC公司合作，印象中此公司值得信赖。该公司董事长式于心计。
 He always feels pain in his abdomen.     他的腹部经常疼痛。
 She had abdominal pains yesterday.     她昨天腹痛。
example sentence not found
 She can't abide that man.     她不能忍受那个人。
 He is a man of many abilities.     他是一个有多方面才能的人。
 As I had plenty of money I was able to help her.     我钱很宽裕，能帮助她。
 An abnormal fear of high places.     恐高症对于高处的一种不正常的恐惧
 Welcome aboard!     st. 请上船(车,飞机)
 There are many bad customs and laws that ought to be abolished     有许多不良的习俗和法规应予以废
 Any of the languages of the aboriginal peoples of Australia.     澳洲土著语任何澳洲土著民族的语言
 An aborted organism.     流产的生物体
 They are discussing the morality of abortion.     他们正在讨论堕胎的道德性。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was about to start.     他即将动身。
 My bedroom is just above.     我的卧室就在上面。
example sentence not found
 A minor scratch or abrasion.     擦伤一个轻微的擦伤或磨损
 Jeff is usually an abrasive character, but he can be as sweet as honey when he wants something.     杰弗通常是一个生硬粗暴的人，但他想得到某物时，他会象蜜一样甜。
 This is an abridged edition of war and peace.     这是“战争与和平”的节略版。
example sentence not found
 She is hungry for news of her husband working abroad.     她渴望得到国外工作的丈夫的消息。
 The meeting came to an abrupt end.     会议突然结束了。
example sentence not found
 I think I have an abscess on my gums. This could be serious.     我想我的牙床上有个脓疮，这可能是严重的。
 We must invent an excuse for our absence.     我们必须为缺席编造一个藉口。
 Why was it that he was absent?     他为什么缺席呢？
example sentence not found
 That's absolute nonsense!     真是一派胡言！
 I'm absolutely starving.     我饿极了。
 The clever boy absorbed all the knowledge his teacher could give him.     那个聪明的男孩把他老师所能教他的所有的知识都吸收了。
 A medicine or an agent that induces absorption.     吸收剂导致吸收的药品或药剂
 We may talk of beautiful things, but beauty itself is abstract.     我们尽可谈论美的事物，然而美本身却是抽象的。
 It was absurd of you to suggest such a thing.     你居然建议这样的事，太可笑了。
 The state of being profuse; abundance.     丰富极其丰富的状态；充沛
 Our abundant resources and stable policy provide foreigners with the advantages they invest here.     我们丰富的资源和稳定的政策为外商投资提供了有利条件。
 They talked about how the uses and abuses of figures to prove things in politics.     他们谈到人们如何在政治问题上使用及滥用数字来混淆视听。
 The question is purely academic.     这是一个纯学术性的问题。
 A member of an art, literary, or scientific academy or society.     学会会员艺术、文学、科学学会或团体的成员
 The leader is losing ground as the rest of the runners accelerate.     领先者在其余赛跑者加速时就逐渐失去了优势。
 An instrument used to measure acceleration.     加速计，测震仪用于测量加速度的仪器
 The brake (pedal) is between the clutch and the accelerator.     制动器（踏板）在离合器和加速器之间.
 The accent in the word importance is on the second syllable.     “importance”一词的重音在第二音节上。
example sentence not found
 The police are not allowed to accept rewards.     警察是不允许接受酬金的。
 Do you think the proposal is acceptable?     你认为这个建议可接受吗？
 The proposal was met with general acceptance.     这建议得到普遍的赞同。
 He is a man of easy access.     他是一个很好接近的人。
 This island is accessible only by boat.     这个小岛只能坐小船去。
 He is Tom's accessory.     他是汤姆的帮凶。
 She was injured badly in the accident.     她在事故中受重伤。
 A sequence of events that although accidental seems to have been planned or arranged.     巧合，凑巧虽是偶然的，但似乎是经计划或安排的一系列事件
 He accidentally knocked on (the pass from Jones).     他非故意犯规, 用手向前击了（从琼斯传来的）球.
 A person of remarkable talent or ability who achieves great success or acclaim at an early age.     少年得志因早年具有非凡的才智和能力而获得极大成功或受到称赞的人
 The bank is accommodating its customers more than it used to.     这家银行现在给客户贷款比以前多了。
 It's a great accommodation to me.     这对我极为方便。
 Lightning usually accompanies thunder.     闪电通常伴有雷声。
 I have accomplished a great deal in the last few months.     在过去几个月里，我完成了相当多的工作。
 The Apollo program was not so much a scientific achievement as a technical accomplishment.     阿波罗计划与其说是一项科学成果，不如说是一项技术成就。
 He joined the army of his own accord.     他自愿参军。
 The mayor must make policies in accordance with the bill passed in the Congress.     市长要根据议会的议案来制定政策。
 The books in the library were distributed according to subjects.     图书馆里的藏书按科目分类。
 He was asked to leave the city and accordingly he went.     有人叫他离开该城市，所以他就走了。
 He has been asked to account for his conduct.     他被要求解释他的行为。
 He was deep in conversation with his accountant.     他与会计深入交谈.
 A device that operates by power(often electricity) and performs some reasonably complex operation(an accounting machine;photocopiers and other office machines).    用动力（通常是电）推动运行的一种设备，它能完成某些相当复杂的工作（例如会计机、复印机和其它办公机器）。
 However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the zoo felt obliged to investigate.     然而，当证据日趋增多时，该动物园的专家们感到有必要进行调查。
 Characterized by or showing the effects of accumulation; cumulative.     积累而成的，累积的以积累效果为特征的或者表现出积累效果的；累积的
example sentence not found
 I can predict something with great accuracy.     我能很准确地预测某事。
 Is the station clock accurate?     火车站的表准吗？
 The engineer in particular must be able to communicate his ideas to others rapidly and accurately.     工程技术人员尤其必须能够迅速而准确地将自己的想法传达给别人。
 The prosecutor brought an accusation of theft against him.     检察官指控他偷窃。
example sentence not found
 They confronted the prisoner with his accusers.     他们让犯人与原告对质。
 He had to accustom himself to the cold weather.     他不得不使自己习惯于寒冷的天气。
 I am accustomed to hard work.     我已经习惯努力工作了。
 He felt a dull ache in his shoulder.     他感到肩膀隐隐作痛。
 He achieved because he was a hard worker.     他之所以成功是因为他工作勤奋。
 I felt a great sense of achievement when I reached the top of the mountain.     当我到达山顶的时候，我有一种巨大的成就感。
 Acids react with bases to form salts.     酸与碱反应生成盐。
 Abnormal acidity of the blood.     酸血症血液中不正常的酸度
 I passed her in the street but she didn't even acknowledge me when I smiled.     我在街上遇到她，可是当我向她微笑时，她却连招呼都没有向我打一个。
 An acoustic instrument.     非电传音乐器
 German physicist noted for his contributions to mathematics, acoustics, and the measurement of electrical resistance.     欧姆，格奥尔格・西蒙1789－1854德国物理学家，因其对于数学、声学和电阻测量做出的贡献而著名
 Please acquaint him with my arrival.     请通知他我到了。
 He is my acquaintance.     他是我的熟人。
 We admired his intellectual providence to acquire vast stores of dry information.     我们钦佩他收集大量原始资料的远见卓识。
 The library's latest acquisitions were donated by a millionaire.     图书馆最近增添的书籍是一位百万富翁捐献的。
 The house has half an acre of lawn.     这座房子有半英亩草坪.
 One that tumbles, especially an acrobat or a gymnast.     翻筋斗者翻滚者，尤指杂技演员或体操运动员
 Refers to push-down stack procedures and is the acronym for last in/first out, a buffer procedure.     一种把数据压入堆栈的过程，即数据缓冲的过程。LastIn／FirstOut的缩写。
 Can you swim across the river?     你能游到河的对岸吗？
 Think well before you act.     要三思而后行。
example sentence not found
 The action lasted three hours.     战斗持续了三个小时。
 Select it to activate the slider bar on the right, then use the leave and right arrows to adjust the volume.     使用时先选择该项，激活右边的滑动条，然后用左箭头或右箭头来进行音量调整。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She has an active imagination.     她有灵活的想象力。
 The leave-wing group packed the general purpose committee with activist.     右派集团将他们的积极分子塞进一般目的委员会。
 There has been a lot of activity in the town today.     今天市中心相当热闹。
 The actor coast ed to stardom on his father's name.     那位男演员靠父亲的名誉一帆风顺地成了明星。
 The actress wore a black wig over her blond hair.     女演员的金发上戴着黑色的假发。
 The actual cause of the quake itself is the rupturing or breaking of rocks at or below the earth's surface.     地震本身的真正原因是地球表面的或地底下的岩石断裂或破裂。
 What did he actually say?     他实际上说了些什么?
 He told the newspapermen about the conversation, but would not play them the actual tape of it.     他向新闻记者讲了这次谈话的情况，却不愿把实况录音磁带放给他们听。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Acupuncture will often bring a fainting person to.     针刺疗法经常可使昏迷中的人苏醒过来。
 We agreed with his acute analysis of the political situation.     我们都同意他对政治形势的深刻分析。
 Fished all day without a bite; an ad that got a few bites but no final sales.     一整天没半条鱼上钩；这则广告吸引了一些人上钩，但最后还是没有卖出东西
 She adapted herself quickly to the new climate.     她很快就适应了这种新气候。
example sentence not found
 The physiological adaptation of an animal or a plant to changes in climate or environment, such as light, temperature, or altitude.     适应气候动物或植物在生理上对气候或环境的变化，比如光线，气温或高度变化的适应
 Pertaining to processing units that are connected by means of channel-to-channel adapters that are used to pass control information between the processors.     用于修饰或说明经由通道到通道适配器连接的处理部件，通过这些适配器在处理机之间传递控制信息。参阅tightly－coupled。
example sentence not found
 If you add 4 to 5, you get 9.     四加五等于九。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There are no lengths to which an addict will not go to obtain his drug.     瘾君子为了得到毒品什麽事都做得出来.
 His addiction to drugs propelled him towards a life of crime.     他吸毒成瘾使他走上了犯罪的道路。
 The little girl is not very clever at addition.     这个小女孩不太善于做加法。
 You should know the additional responsibilities that are incidental to the job.     你该知道做这项工作要承担额外责任。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There is a letter addressed to you.     有封写给你收的信。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I was rather daunted by the thought of addressing such an audience.     我一想到要对这样的听众讲话，就有些胆小。
example sentence not found
 Helen is adept in music and her husband is adept in drawing.     海伦精通音乐，而她的丈夫擅长绘画。
 Our accommodation is barely adequate.     我们的住房不太够用。
 Paste is used to make one surface adhere to another.     糨糊是用于使一个接触面粘住另一个接触面的。
example sentence not found
 An edge and the area immediately adjacent to it; a border.     边缘，边界边和邻近的区域；边界
 There are more than 5,000 adjectives in that dictionary.     那本词典中有5000多个形容词。
 Property that adjoins ours.     与我们的地产相毗连的地产
 This kind of desk can be adjusted to the height you need.     这种书桌的高低可以按照你的需要调节。
 Some adjustment of the lens may be necessary.     可能有必要调节一下镜头。
 The courts administer the law.     法院执行法律。
example sentence not found
 She has been looking after the ,day-to-day administration.     她一直在照管日常的行政工作.
 A division of an area, as for administrative purposes.     地区，行政区一个地域的分支，如为了管理的目的
 The person was appointed administrator to manage the property of others.     这个人被指定管理他人的财产。
 She was ardent in her admiration of the artist.     她非常倾慕那位艺术家。
 I am not a great admirer of her work.     我对她的工作不太欣赏。
 Do they charge for admission?     入场要收费吗?
 This sentence admits of several interpretations.     这个句子可以有多种解释。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Overgrowth is common in adolescents.     青少年成长过快是普遍现象.
 Most countries adopt metric system.     大多数国家采用米制。
 The list of bill to be consider is headed by the bill on the adoption service.     要考虑的议案一览表上第一项就是关于收养服务的议案。
 All the girls in our school adore the handsome mathematics teacher who happens to be a bachelor.     我们学校里所有女孩子都崇拜那个恰巧是单身汉的英俊数学老师。
 The outer layer of an internal organ or body structure, as of the kidney or adrenal gland.     皮层内部器官或身体结构的外层，如肾或肾上腺皮层
example sentence not found
 His behavior is not particularly adult.     他的举止行为还不太成熟。
example sentence not found
 It is a popular show, so advance booking is essential.     这是个很受欢迎的演出，所以一定要提前订票。
 The regent carried out an advanced system in his country.     摄政者在他的国家推行了一套先进的制度。
 Rich has an advantage over you since he can speak German.     理奇比你占优势, 因为他会讲德语。
 It will be advantageous if steps are taken to resume our business relationship on the basis of mutual benefit.     如果我们采取措施在互利的基础上恢复业务关系，对我们都是有利的。
 The advent of the computer changed people's life greatly.     计算机的出现极大地改变了人们的生活。
 An adventure in dining.     进餐中的奇遇
 Adverb is used to modify verb, such asquickly inshe runs quickly.     副词用来修饰动词，例如：“她快快地跑”中的“快快地”。
 The judge gave us an adverse decision.     法官作出对我们不利的判决。
 We decided to advertise our new product.     我们决定为我们的新产品做广告。
 There are many insertions of advertisement in the newspapers.     报纸上有很多插入的广告。
 He gave me some good advice.     他向我提了一些很好的意见。
 It will not be advisable so pack this course into your already busy schedule.     把这门课硬排进你本来已经很紧的计划是不明智的。
 They advised her against marrying quickly.     他们劝她不要太快结婚.
 He became her senior adviser her deputy, if you will.     他成了她的高级顾问--你要说是她的副手也未尝不可.
 A governing, advisory, or disciplinary body of some colleges and universities composed of faculty members and sometimes student representatives.     大学评议会某些学院和大学中由全体教员及有学衔的行政人员，有时还有学生代表，组成的管理，顾问，或纪律机构
 This judge is a strong advocate of prison reform.     这位法官是监狱改革的坚决拥护者。
 The birds perched on the television aerial.     鸟停在电视天线上.
 To ride in an aeroplane you have to book in advance.     要乘飞机必须提前定位子。
 Robert Hood, president of McDonnell Douglas's Douglas Aircraft Co., told reporters today that his company would soon reach an agreement with the Taiwan Aerospace Corp. about the equity sale of$2 billion. The Taiwan company confirmed last week that the deal was in the works.     麦克唐纳・道格拉斯公司所属首格拉斯飞机公司总裁胡德今天告诉记者说，该公司与台翔公司将于短期内达成出售20亿美元股份的协议。台湾公司上周已证实项交易正在筹划中。
 Awareness or delicate perception, especially of aesthetic qualities or values.     欣赏意识或灵敏的感知力，尤其指审美品质或价值
 The party was a dull affair.     这次聚会单调乏味。
 He was much affected by the sad news.     这个悲惨的消息使他非常难过。
 It is said that the rhythm of tides is affected by the moon.     据说潮汐的涨落受月亮的影响。
 He is held in affection.     他极为大家所爱戴。
example sentence not found
 They affirmed that the girl did quite a bit of reading.     他们断言这个女孩子读了不少书。
 A figure of speech consisting of an understatement in which an affirmative is expressed by negating its opposite, as in This is no small problem.     间接肯定法用有节制的陈述所构成一种修辞手法，即通过否定其反面来表达肯定的意思，例如在这并不是一个小问题中
 Please affix a stamp.     请贴上邮票。
 He was afflicted with cancer.     他患了癌症。
 Possessing or exhibiting great wealth; affluent.     富裕的占有或具有大量财富的；丰富的
 These trees afford a pleasant shade.     这些树提供了荫凉。
 Don't be afraid (ie Don't hesitate) to ask for help if you need it.     倘若需要帮忙的话, 尽管提出来（不必犹豫）.
 The largest city of South Africa, in the northeast part of the country northwest of Durban. Founded in1886 after the discovery of gold nearby, it is a major industrial center. Population, 703,980.     约翰内斯堡南非最大的城市，位于该国的东北部，在德班西北。在其附近发现金矿后于1886年建立，为主要的工业中心。人口703，980
 He is an African.     他是非洲人。
 He grew weak in after years.     在以后的几年里，他变得衰弱了。
 Scattered showers are expected this afternoon.     预料今天下午有零星阵雨。
 Three days afterward they met at the station.     三天后，他们在车站见面了。
 Soon afterwards he made his first public statement about the affair.     不久以后，他第一次就这一事件发表了公开声明。
 Say that again, please.     请再说一遍。
 We have saved some money against our old age.     我们存了一些钱，以备老年之用。
 The period in which man learnt to make tools of iron is called the Iron Age.     人类学会用铁制造工具的时代称为铁器时代。
 She is a teacher aged only twenty.     她是一位年仅二十岁的教师。
 The agency places about 2000 secretaries per annum.     该代理机构每年可为约2000名秘书安排工作.
 This agenda will form the basis of our next meeting.     本议程将成为下次会议的中心议题.
 The agent spoke on behalf of his principal.     代理人代表他的委托人说话。
 Don't aggravate me, child.     孩子，不要惹我生气。
 Our team scored the most goals on aggregate.     整个来说, 我们队得分最多.
 In ruling out the defense of Korea, they invited aggression in that area, they thought they were going to have peace, it brought war.     为了摧毁朝鲜方面的抵抗，他们采取进攻策略，他们以为很快就会实现和平，但却带来了战争。
 A successful businessman must be aggressive.     一个成功的商人必须有进取心。
 She's aging gracefully.     她老得有风韵.
 He was agitated about his wife's health.     他为他妻子的健康感到不安。
 The agitation of the strike arose repeatedly.     罢工风潮迭起。
 He joined the army a year ago.     一年以前，他参军了。
 The boxer folded up in agony.     那拳击手痛苦地倒下了.
 I thought it was a reasonable proposal, but he didn't agree.     我觉得这是个合理的建议，但他不同意。
 She has an agreeable voice.     她的声音悦耳。
 Finally we reached an agreement.     我们最终达成了协议。
 The capital of Swaziland, in the northwest part of the country. It is a commercial center for an agricultural region. Population, 33,000.     姆巴巴纳斯威士兰首都，位于该国的西北部。是农业区的商业中心。人口33，000
 Modern agriculture is spoiling our beautiful countryside.     现代农业正在破坏我们美丽的农村。
 He will be ahead of others in English.     他在英语方面将超过别人。
 We were greatly aided in our investigation by the cooperation of the police.     我们在调查的过程中得到警方的大力协助。
 He's prone to minor ailments.     他动不动就生点小病。
 What is your aim in life?     你的生活目标是什么？
 I shall travel to New York by air this weekend.     这个周末我将要乘飞机去纽约旅行。
example sentence not found
 The new aircraft is undergoing safety tests.     这种新飞机正在接受安全性能检验。
 The airfield is bounded by woods on all sides.     飞机场的四周都是树林.
example sentence not found
 If the sheets aren't aired properly, they won't be dry; put them in the airing cupboard.     被单晒得不够是不会干的。把它们放在烘衣柜里吧。
 With several of their planes temporarily out of commission, the airline is losing money.     航空公司因有几架飞机暂时不能使用而正在赔钱.
 The airliner flew at an altitude of 20000ft.     客机在两万英尺的高度飞行。
 An airmail letter to china normally cost50 cents, but this letter seem a bit thick.     寄往中国的航空信一般是50美分，不过这封信好像厚一点。
 The airplane was attacked by dropping bombs.     这架飞机遭到炸弹的袭击。
 I have arranged that one of my staff will meet you at the airport.     我已经安排好派一个职员到飞机场接你。
 Things reached the point where the two groups sat on opposite sides of the church, glaring across the aisle.     事情到了两群人马各坐在教堂里相对的两边，隔着通道怒目相视的地步。
 The news of the radiation leak caused widespread public alarm.     辐射泄露的消息引起了公众的普遍恐慌。
 This is one of the songs from her latest album.     这是她最新歌集里的一首歌。
 He never touches alcohol.     他从不沾酒。
 He was in an alcoholic stupor.     他醉得不省人事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Troops are on the alert against any possible aggression.     军队戒备着可能的来犯。
 Some of the algae are edible.     有些藻类是可以吃的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The criminal Mick Clark has/uses several aliases.     那个叫米克・克拉克的罪犯有[使用]好几个化名.
 Cruelty is quite alien to his nature.     残忍完全不合他的本性。
 The numbing labor tended to alienate workers.     枯燥的工作可以使工人变得麻木
 The increasingly dull nature of many industrial jobs has led to the alienation of many workers.     许多工业工作越来越单调刻板，导致很多工人离心离德的倾向。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Our company should align ourselves with theirs.     我们的公司必须与他们的公司合作。
 The troops aligned.     士兵们列队了。
 On dictation equipment, a device for accurate alignment of playback head, or combined head, to the track on the recording medium.     录音设备上的一种装置，它能精确地把重放磁头或组合磁头调准到记录介质的磁道上。
 The two brothers are very much alike.     这两兄弟非常相像。
example sentence not found
 The city was all alive when he arrived.     当他到达时，城里非常热闹。
example sentence not found
 The party was all but over when we arrived.     我们到的时候，晚会几乎要结束了。
 Formal reply to an allegation make in court, especially defence make by a respondent to a divorce petition     答辩状，对在法庭所作断言的答复，尤指被告对离婚起诉的抗辩。
 So they alleged, but have they any proof?     他们是这样宣称的，但他们有证据吗？
 So they alleged, but have they any proof?     他们是这样宣称的，但他们有证据吗？
 Steadfast in allegiance to one's homeland, government, or sovereign.     忠心的对自己的祖国，政府或主权无限忠诚的
 Ben is allergic to pollen.     班对花粉过敏。
 Constantly blowing his nose in allergy season.     在过敏的季节不断地擤他的鼻子
 They alleviated the boredom of waiting by singing songs.     他们以唱歌来减轻等候的厌烦.
 This business is right up my alley.     这种事情正是我熟悉的。
 Which country is the predominant member of the alliance?     哪个国家在联盟中居于支配地位？
 The allied warplanes bombed the country by the hundred.     盟军数以百计的飞机轰炸了那个国家。
 The restaurant have six parking space allocate in the public car park next door.     在隔壁的公共停车场里，这个餐馆有６个停车位。
 Austrian-born British economist. He shared a1974 Nobel Prize for work on the theory of optimum allocation of resources.     海克，弗雷德里希・奥古斯特・冯生于1899出生于奥地利的英国经济学家，因在能源最佳配置理论方面的研究而获1974年诺贝尔奖
example sentence not found
 Who will she allot the easy jobs to?     她要把轻活儿分给谁?
 The patient was allowed up (ie permitted to get out of bed) after 10 days.     病人十天以後才允许起来（准予离床下地）.
example sentence not found
 The scholarship includes an allowance of 80 dollars for books.     奖学金包括八十美元的书籍费津贴。
 Smoking is not allowed here.     这里不许吸烟。
 Ornaments, objects, or utensils made of this alloy.     黄铜制品用这种合金制的装饰品、物件或器皿
 Britain was an ally of America in the World War I.     英国在第一次世界大战中是美国的同盟国。
 Almost anything will do.     几乎什么都行.
 He gave alms to beggars in the street.     他给街上的乞丐一些施舍.
 You can't live on bread alone.     你不能仅靠面包维生。
 We bicycled along, singing loudly.     我们骑着脚踏车前进，大声歌唱着。
 He is the master of the boat moored alongside.     他是那条靠着码头停泊的船的主人。
 Read (the letter) aloud, please.     请大声念（这封信）.
example sentence not found
 Many letters in the alphabet such as b, c, d,etc are consonants.     字母表中的许多字母像b，c，d，等等都是辅音字母。
example sentence not found
 The words in the dictionary are arranged in alphabetical order.     词典中的词是按字母顺序排列的.
 Being arranged alphabetically.     按字母顺序排列的
example sentence not found
 You had already gone when I arrived there.     当我到达时，你已经走了。
 London was also called the modern Babylon.     伦敦也被称为现代巴比伦。
 Circumstances alter cases.     【谚】具体情况具体分析。
 My coat needs alteration.     我的上衣需要改改。
 Meetings are held on alternate Thursdays.     每隔一个星期的星期四举行一次会议。
 A jump in ballet during which the dancer crosses the legs a number of times, alternately back and forth.     空中交叉跳跃一种芭蕾舞动作，舞者在空中多次前后交叉双腿
 Please find alternative means of transport.     请另外找一个运输方法。
 Come with us, alternatively, meet us there.     同我们一道去，或者在那儿兴我们会合。
 She seemed a babe although she was already thirty.     尽管她已经三十岁了，看上去还象个小孩。
 In these altitudes snow never melts.     在这样的高度，雪永不融化。
 There are ten people altogether.     这里总共有十个人。
 By mixing aluminium with other metals, scientists have been able to produce a variety of alloys, some of which have the strength of steel but weigh only one third as much.     把铝和其他金属混合，科学家们能够制造出各种合金，其中一些具有钢一样的强度，但其重量只是钢的三分之一。
 She put some noodles in the aluminum saucepan.     她在铝锅里下了些面条。
example sentence not found
 I'm always at home in the evenings.     晚上我总是在家里。
 No, you can't. I am sure.     是的，您绝对做不到。
 He is planed to amass a fortune for a rainy day.     他正打算积蓄财富以备不时之需。
 He is an amateur photographer.     他是个业余摄影爱好者。
 I was amazed to find her there.     发现她在那，我感到很吃惊。
 What an amazing painting!     多么了不起的一幅画啊！
 His Excellency the French ambassador will be present at the meeting.     法国大使阁下将出席本次会议。
 Signal which prevents accidental operation by spurious signals or avoids possible ambiguity.     防止假信号的意外作用或者避免二义性而设置的信号。
 An intentionally noncommittal or ambiguous statement.     暧昧的回答，故意的不信任故意说得模棱两可的话，不明确的话
 The naked facts; naked ambition.     明明白白的事实；明显的野心
 He ventured on an ambitious project.     他冒险从事一项富有雄心的计画。
 The ambulance reached the collapsed building in due time.     救护车及时赶到了那座倒塌的大厦。
example sentence not found
 Please amend your copy of the contract accordingly.     请将你的合同文本作相应的修正。
 The amendment is an appendage of that contract.     这个修改是那个合同的附件。
 I want to make amends to my friend for breaking her precious vase.     我打破了朋友的贵重花瓶，想赔偿她的损失。
 Maize is widely planted in the America.     玉米在美洲广泛种植。
 The painting was knocked down (to an American dealer) for 5000.     那幅画拍卖时以5000英镑售出（给一个美国商人）.
example sentence not found
 Do you really want to go or are you merely being amiable?     你是真想去呢，还是仅仅为了表示友好？
 He stood firm amid temptations.     他不被种种引诱所动摇。
 He is amidst his enemies.     他被敌人包围。
 Ammonia is a colorless gas with strong smell.     氨是无色并有强烈气味的气体。
 The recent scandal has provided the government's opponents with plenty of ammunition.     最近的丑闻给政府的反对派提供了大量的炮弹。
 New York is among the largest cities in the world.     纽约是世界上最大的几座城市之一。
 They quarreled amongst themselves.     他们互相争吵。
example sentence not found
 It all amounts to a lot of hard work.     那一切意味看大量艰苦工作。
 One day, Mr Ampere go out for a walk in the street.     有一天，安培先生去街上散步。
example sentence not found
 The excretory opening of the digestive tract in animals such as birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish.     肛门鸟、爬行动物、两栖动物以及鱼等动物的消化道的排泄口
 The house has an ample parlor.     这座房子有宽敞的客厅。
example sentence not found
 I bought an amplifier yesterday.     我昨天买了一个扩音器。
 Any of several devices that convert incident electromagnetic radiation of mixed frequencies to one or more discrete frequencies of highly amplified and coherent ultraviolet, visible, or infrared radiation.     激光器使偶然的混杂频率的电磁辐射，变为一个或更多的高度强化和连续的紫外线、可见光或红外线辐射的分离频率仪器中的一种
 A device that converts a property of an input signal, such as frequency or phase, into an amplitude variation, depending on how the signal differs from a standard or reference signal.     鉴别器，鉴频器一种将输入信号的某一特征，如频率或相位转变为幅度变化装置，其变化大小因信号与标准或参考信号的不同程度而异
 Her leg was so badly damaged that the doctors had to amputate.     她的那条腿伤得很厉害，医师只得将其截除。
example sentence not found
 The actors were really hamming it up to amuse the audience.     这些演员为博观众一粲, 表演得实在太过火了.
 His amusing performance caused a roar of laughter in the audience.     他那有趣的表演引起了观众的哄堂大笑。
 She watched their fumbling efforts with wry amusement.     她看著他们手忙脚乱地瞎使劲, 不觉莞尔.
 The city is at an elevation of 2000 metres.     这座城市海拔2000米.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An agent, such as an analgesic drug, that relieves pain.     镇痛剂一种药剂，如止痛药，减轻疼痛
 Pertaining to a device that operates in a proportional or continuous manner, such as an analog amplifier. Not discrete or digital, but analog.     用于修饰或说明一种设备（工作特性）的术语，这种设备以成比例或连续方式进行工作，例如用于说明模拟放大器的工作特性不是离散的或数字的，而是模拟的。
 A slide-rule is a simple analogue computer.     计算尺是简单的模拟计算机.
 Other executives think the Japanese influence will be less dramatic and dismiss the automobile analogy, saying that manufacturing cars is a far cry from the creative nature of Hollywood's endeavors.     其他高级职员认为日本的影响不会那么大，认为不能与汽车相提并论。他们说制造汽车与好莱坞的创造性企业截然不同。
 In the final analysis I think our sympathy lies with the heroine of the play.     总之，我们认为我们都同情剧中的女主人公。
 Palm Inc, the No1 maker of hand-held electronic organizers, on Monday reported fiscal first-quarter operating results that topped analyst forecasts as sales more than doubled.     掌上型个人电子助理制造商Palm周一公布财政年度第一季的财务报告，营运收入与获利均超越华尔街分析师的预估一倍以上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Let's analyze the problem and see what went wrong.     让我们分析一下这道题，看什么地方出错了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The branch of anatomy that deals with the structure and function of bones.     骨骼学研究骨的结构和功能的解剖学的分支
 He is sprung from noble ancestors.     他出身名门。
 He anchored the winning team.     他担任胜了那一队的最后一棒。
 This ancient parchment was discovered in a delicate iron box.     这张古老的羊皮纸是在一个精致的铁盒子里发现的。
 Work hard and you will be successful.     努力工作，你就会成功。
example sentence not found
 A technique, as for relieving pain or inducing regional anesthesia, in which thin needles are inserted into the body at specific points.     针灸，针刺疗法，针刺麻醉以细针扎入身体特定部位以减轻疼痛或诱导局部麻醉的方法
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She is lovely -- as much so as an angel.     她可爱得像个天使。
 The words drew down his anger.     言语激怒了他。
 Angular distance is the distance between two objects measured as an angle from a given point.     角距离，是由一定点到两物体之间所量度的夹角。
 His rudeness made me really angry.     他的粗鲁让我生气。
example sentence not found
 Physical disability causes mental anguish.     生理伤残会引起心理苦闷.
 A pig is a domestic animal.     猪是一种家畜。
 Lacking animation, variety, or distinction; dull.     无精打彩的，乏味的缺少生气、变化或差别的；乏味的
 She broke her ankle weeks ago and it's still in plaster.     她的踝关节数周前骨折, 至今仍打著石膏.
 The invasion force was annihilated.     侵略军被消灭了。
 Permit me to congratulate you on reaching another of these anniversary landmarks today. May each day be as happy as your birthday. Have a wonderful birthday!     祝贺你抵达了生命的又一个里程碑，愿你每天都象过生日一样充满喜悦。祝你生日无比快乐！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Everyone was silent as he announced the winner of the competition.     当他宣布竞赛的优胜者时，大家都静静地倾听。
 I've got an important announcement to make.     我有件重要事情要宣布。
 The news announcer is standing by for the broadcast program at8.     新闻广播员正在为八点钟的播音节目作好准备。
 We can annoy the enemy by raids.     我们可用袭击骚扰敌人。
 Her little affectations annoyed me.     她的小动作惹恼了我。
 How much is his annual salary?     他的年薪是多少？
example sentence not found
 The body or plate to which the electrons are attracted is called the anode.     电子被吸引到其上面去的物体或薄板称为阳极。
 The author chooses to remain anonymous.     作者愿不署名.
 That's quite another matter.     那完全是另一回事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He answered that he knew nothing about it.     他答复说关于此事他一无所知。
 He was a soft-hearted man. He wouldn't hurt an ant.     他是一个软心肠的人，连一个蚂蚁都不愿伤害。
 The antagonism he felt towards his old enemy was still very strong.     他对旧冤家的敌对情绪仍然很大.
 I am bound to furnish my antagonists with arguments, but not with comprehension.     我一定要向对手提供争论点，但并无予以理解的必要。
 Something that separates potentially antagonistic entities, as an area between two rival powers that serves to lessen the danger of conflict.     缓冲物，缓冲地带可用来隔离潜在的对抗性因来的东西，如面敌对势力用来减轻冲突危险的地带
 Holidays in the Antarctic are a niche market.     南极假日游是一个利基市场。
example sentence not found
 Extended the radio antenna.     把收音机的天线拉到最长
 The town band led off by playing the national anthem.     市乐队以国歌开始他们的演奏。
 Something, such as a set of data, a report, or an anthology, that is compiled.     汇编指编辑好的一套数据、一篇报道或一部选集
example sentence not found
 Either of two basic units in cultural anthropology that make up a tribe on the basis of unilateral descent.     一个分支在文化人类学中，在单系血统基础上构成一个部落的两个基本的部落分支的任意一个
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A substance, such as an antibody, capable of dissolving or destroying cells.     细胞溶素一种能溶解或破坏细胞的物质，如抗体
 It is unwise to anticipate your earnings by spending a lot of money.     大量花钱提前使用自己的收入是不明智的。
 Fearful or uneasy anticipation of the future; dread.     担心，忧虑对未来充满恐惧或焦虑；忧惧
example sentence not found
 An antidote against poison, especially a confection formerly held to be an antidote to all poisons.     解毒药解除毒性的解毒剂，尤指用来对付一切毒药的解毒膏
 Relating to the correspondence between an antigen and the antibody produced in response to it.     同源的与抗原和对其反应产生的抗体同的对应现象有关的
example sentence not found
 She wore an antique gown to the costume party.     她穿着一件过时的长袍参加化妆舞会。
example sentence not found
 She gargle with an antiseptic mouthwash.     她用具有消毒灭菌作用的漱口剂来清洁口腔。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We waited for news with a growing sense of anxiety.     我们等待着消息，越来越着急。
 We are really anxious for peace.     我们确实渴望和平。
 Take any book you like.     你喜欢哪本书就拿哪本。
 Hardly anybody came.     几乎没有人来.
 I was in such a hurry that I put my clothes on anyhow.     我很匆忙, 所以随便地把衣服穿上了。
 It can happen to anyone.     这事可能发生在任何人身上。
 If you remember anything at all, please let us know.     你要是想起什么来，就告诉我们。
 He reflected that the quality of the instruments was good anyway.     他寻思，不管怎样，这些乐器的质量还是不错的。
 If you want to go anywhere else, let me know.     你要到别的地方去，就要告诉我。
example sentence not found
 The two villages are three miles apart.     这两个村子相距三英里。
 They scouted around for some antiques to furnish their new apartment.     他们到处搜罗一些古董来装饰新居。
 Early man shows certain affinities with the ape.     早期的人类和猿有某些相似之处.
 What aperture are you using?     你使用多大的光圈?
 The chairman led in with some apologetic remarks.     会议主席一上来就说了几句抱歉的话。
 I must apologize for not being able to meet you.     我因为没能接你而向你道歉.
 The Finance Director sends her apology and is unable to attend the meeting.     财务董事派人带话说，她因不能出席会议而向大家道歉。
example sentence not found
 We were appalled when we heard that the chairman had been murdered.     听说主席被谋杀，我们都吓坏了。
 Nothing can extenuate such appalling behaviour.     这种骇人听闻的行径罪无可恕.
 The astronauts have special breathing apparatus.     宇航员有特殊的呼吸装置。
 She had many good qualities despite her apparent rudeness.     她粗鲁是粗鲁, 但还有许多优秀品质.
 Apparently they're intending to put up the price of water.     看来他们要提高水费了。
 She appealed to the high court against her sentence.     她不服判决而向高等法院上诉。
 Mr. Green had to appear before the committee to explain his behavior .     格林先生必须在委员会上出面解释他的行为。
 The journal makes its appearance once two months.     这本刊物两个月出版一次。
example sentence not found
 I append a list of those shops which sell our products.     我附上一张出售我们产品的商店名单。
example sentence not found
 It's acute appendicitis. We ought to operate.     这是急性阑尾炎。应当开刀。
 The doctor said the appendix is not important for us.     那个大夫说阑尾对我们来说并不重要。
 The long walk gave him a good appetite.     长时间的走路使他食欲旺盛。
 He was loudly applauded.     他受到热烈的掌声欢迎。
 Let's have a good round of applause for the next performer.     咱们为下一个表演者热烈鼓掌吧。
 The apple trees are blossoming.     苹果树正在开花。
 There are many household appliances in this shop.     这个商店有许多家用用具。
 Above rate applicable until further notice.     除非另有通知，上述运费率适用。
 As the wages were low, there were few applicants for the job.     因为工资低，没有什么人申请这份工作。
 We made an application to the court for an inquiry.     我们曾请求法院调查。
 Can occasionally be applied to a wife who is ordered to support her divorced husband.     该词偶尔也适用于妻子，她被命令供养她的被离了婚的丈夫。
 I advise that they apply to the council for a home improvement grant.     我建议他们向市政会申请改善住房的贷款。
 He wasn't there at the appointed time.     他没有在指定的时间在那里。
 He wants to change his appointment from Monday to Wednesday.     他想把他的约会从星期一改到星期三。
 I apportioned half the property to each of them.     我把财产的一半分配给他们各人。
 That my heart has been troubled, that I have not sought this nomination, that I could not seek it in good conscience, that I would not seek it in honest self appraisal, is not to say that I value it the less.     我的心曾充满苦恼，我在寻求提名过程中并不主动，也没有全力以赴，更没有给自己一个正确的评价，但这并不说明我低估了提名的价值。
 Appreciable changes in temperature.     可察觉到的温度上的变化
 We all appreciate a holiday after a year of hard working.     经过一年辛苦工作之后，大家都能领略假期的乐趣。
 Please accept this gift in appreciation of all you've done for us.     多蒙鼎立协助，不胜感激，备些薄礼，敬请笑纳。
 We waited for their decision with a great deal of apprehension.     我们怀着极其焦虑的心情等待他们作出决定。
 The boy was apprenticed to a carpenter.     这个男孩被送去学木匠.
 Silently we approached the enemy's camp.     我们静悄悄地逼近敌人的营地。
 The minister was found to have appropriated government money.     部长被查出挪用了公款。
example sentence not found
 We can't start building without the council's approval.     未经委员会批准，我们不能动工。
 The equipment must be bought from a supplier approved by the company.     设备必须从公司认可的供应商那里购买。
 The color of the curtains approximates that of the rug.     窗帘的颜色和地毯相近。
 At a time near to; at approximately     将近。。。的时候；大约在。。。
example sentence not found
 The manuscript bears the date 10 April 1937.     手稿上注著1937年4月10日.
 Could you tie this apron round me?     你受累把围裙给我系上行吗?
 He is a very apt student.     他是一个很聪明的学生。
 Edison had a remarkable aptitude for inventing new things.     爱迪生具有发明创造的非凡才能。
example sentence not found
 An air-filled sac or structure that aids in the flotation of an aquatic organism.     气囊水生动植物器官中用来帮助飘浮用的充满气体的囊或结构
 One who is favorably disposed toward Arab concerns and policies.     阿拉伯（民族）主义者非常关注阿拉伯事务及政策的人
 A region of western India bordering on the Arabian Sea. An independent kingdom after1401, it was annexed by the Mogul Empire in1572.     古吉拉特印度西部一地区，与阿拉伯海相邻。1401年后成为一独立的王国，1572年被强行并入莫卧帝国
 She needs to perfect her Arabic before going to work in Cairo.     她需要把阿拉伯语学好才能到开罗工作.
example sentence not found
 Most presidents in this African country are arbitrary rulers.     这个非洲国家的总统大多数是专横的统治者。
 Joan of Arc was one of France's greatest daughters.     圣女贞德是法国最伟大的女性之一。
 The bridge has three arches.     这座桥有三座拱洞。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The boy made up his mind to become an excellent architect.     这个男孩下定决心成为一个优秀的建筑师。
 He obtained a diploma in architecture.     他获得了建筑学的学位证书。
example sentence not found
 The company's archives goes back to its foundation in1892.     该公司的档案可追溯至其创建的1892年。
 We can't stand this arctic weather.     我们受不了这种严寒的天气。
 She was ardent in her admiration of the artist.     她非常倾慕那位艺术家。
 He mastered these words through the arduous consultation of the dictionary.     通过勤查字典，他掌握了这些单词。
 His special interest lies in the area of literature.     他对文学领域特别感兴趣。
 The Roman arena was very famous.     罗马竞技场是很出名的。
 They argued the case for hours.     他们就这个案子辩论了几个小时。
 There are strong arguments against these measures.     有一些有力的论据反对这些措施。
 The problem may not arise, but there's no harm in keeping our powder dry.     问题不一定会发生, 但有备无患并无害处.
 I'm good at history but not so hot at arithmetic.     我的历史成绩不错, 但算术不太好.
 They were not allowed to use arms.     不许他们使用武器。
 The old man often sits in an armchair.     这个老人经常坐在扶手椅子上。
 A hog in armour is still a hog.     猪穿甲胄仍是猪。
 They were not allowed to use arms.     不许他们使用武器。
 The increasing army of the unemployed has attracted the attention of the economist.     不断增长的失业大军引起了这名经济学家的关注。
 He looked around but could see nobody.     他四处望了一下，看不到什么人。
 His sufferings aroused our sympathy.     他的痛苦引起了我们的同情。
 I have arranged with him to meet at the restaurant.     我和他约好在饭馆见面。
 There was an arrangement of books in the window.     窗口摆了一些书。
 People are all in holiday array.     人们都穿着节日盛装。
 I have fallen into arrears with my rent.     我已经拖欠租金了.
 The riot led to the arrest of three young men.     暴乱导致3 个年轻人被捕。
 Their unexpected arrival threw our plan into confusion.     他们的突然到来打乱了我们的计划。
 We arrived home late.     我们到家时晚了。
 He often speaks in an arrogant tone.     他经常以一种傲慢的口气说话。
 He shot arrows one by one, but each missed.     他射了一箭又一箭，但都未射中。
 There is an arsenal in this city.     这座城市有一个军工厂。
 He has a bent for art.     他生性爱好艺术。
 An artery, a vein, a nerve, or another part associated with the thyroid gland or thyroid cartilage.     甲状物与甲状腺或甲状软骨相联系的动脉、静脉、神经或其它部分
 She was plagued with arthritis.     她患关节炎十分痛苦.
 The newspaper article gave a graphic description of the earthquake.     报纸文章生动地描述了地震的情况。
 I'm a little deaf, please articulate your words carefully.     我有些耳聋，请把话仔细地说清楚。
example sentence not found
 Fixed the date of the ancient artifacts.     确定这件古代文化遗物的时间
 This dress is made of artificial fibers.     这件衣服是人造纤维的。
example sentence not found
 The artillery did great execution.     这种大炮的威力很大。
 She is a consummate artist.     她是个技艺高超的艺术家。
 I talked to many artistic people: writers, dancers and filmmakers.     我同许多艺术界的人们谈过话，其中有作家、 舞蹈家、电影制片人。
 A section of a painting or other piece of artwork; a detail.     细节绘画或其它艺术作品的一部分；细节
 He can run as fast as I can.     他能跑得和我一样快。
 The point of greatest intensity or force in an ascending series or progression; a culmination.     顶点，最高点在上升的序列或过程中达到的最大强度或力量；极点
 We watched the mists ascending from the valley below.     我们看著薄雾从下面的山谷中升起.
 The last part of the ascent is very steep.     最后一段上坡路很陡。
 I ascertain that he was murdered.     我确定他是被谋杀的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He ascribes his success to good luck.     他把他的成功归功于幸运。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The smoldering coal or ash of a dying fire.     余烬将要熄灭的火中的冒着烟的煤块或灰烬
 He was ashamed that he had lied.     他很惭愧他说了谎。
 They have been ashore for two hours.     他们上岸已经两个小时了。
 This country used to be a British colony in Asia.     这个国家曾是英国在亚洲的殖民地。
 How many Asian countries have taken part in the sport meeting?     有多少亚洲国家参加这次运动会？
 Please double up the chair and put it aside.     请把椅子折起来放在一边。
 I have asked some friends for tea.     我请了一些朋友来喝茶。
 The lion lay asleep in its den.     狮子躺在洞里睡觉。
 A young woman, of sullen aspect, was sitting alone on the bench.     一个面色忧郁的年轻女人独自坐在长凳上。
 The generalship was his aspiration.     将官之职位是他梦寐以求的目标。
 The young girl aspired to be a scientist.     小女孩立志要做一名科学家。
 The doctor told him to take two tablets of aspirin before every meal.     医生告诉他每天饭前吃两片阿斯匹林。
example sentence not found
 I saw the assassination and it got under my skin.     我亲眼看见暗杀的情景，真令我毛骨悚然。
 Six women have been sexually assaulted in the area recently.     最近这一带有六个女子遭受强奸猥亵。
 The processing and assemble business is a component part of our foreign trade.     加工和装配贸易是我国对外贸易的一个组成部分。
 The students assembled in the school garden.     学生们在校园集合。
 The output of an assembler.     汇编程序的输出。
 The production is greatly increased due to a new assembly line installed.     由于安装了新装配线, 生产量大大提高。
 We encouraged him to assert his view of the matter.     我们鼓励他坚持自己对此事的看法。
 Such a questionable assertion is sure to provoke criticism.     这种有问题的主张肯定会招致非议。
 Meanwhile, I am arranging for Mr. Smith, one of our inspectors, to call and assess the damage.     本人同时正安排我行检查员史密斯先生，拜访阁下并计算损失。
 Your assessment is substantially correct.     你的估计基本正确.
example sentence not found
 The tennis player's speed is his great asset.     那个网球运动员动作迅速, 这是他的一大优势.
 The remaining assets of a business after all liabilities have been deducted; net worth.     资产净值一个企业在扣除了所有的债务后所余资产；净值
 They assigned his odd behavior to his ill health.     他们把他的古怪行为归因于健康不佳。
 The two large classrooms have been assigned to us.     这两间大教室已经分配给我们了.
 He finished the assignment completely.     他全面完成了分配的任务。
 Some foods are assimilated more easily than others.     有些食物比另一些食物容易吸收。
 The assimilation of some foods is more easily than that of others.     有些食物的吸收比另一些更容易。
 Relating to, assisting, or intended to assist the memory.     帮助记忆的有关，帮助，或试图帮助记忆的
 Despite his cries no one came to his assistance.     尽管他大声喊叫，却没有人来帮助他。
 He deputed the running of the department to an assistant.     他把部门的管理工作委托给助手了。
 I got a new job and a new set of work associations.     我有了新工作和一班新同事。
 I benefited a lot from my association with him.     我与他交往获益良多。
example sentence not found
 He has always assorted with men of his age.     他总是与和他年令相仿的人交往。
 The shop has a rich assortment of goods.     这个商店有各种各样的货品。
 I assumed you can speak French fluently.     我以为你能讲流利的法语。
 The problem has assumed a new form.     这个问题又以新的形式出现。
 Their assumptions of an air of confidence fooled nobody.     他们装出信心十足的样子却欺骗不了任何人。
 Marked by assurance, as of success.     以确信为特征的，如对成功的确信
 We book early to assure ourselves of seats.     我们及早订票以确保有座。
 Having or showing confidence; assured.     有信心的，显示信心的；确定的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She astonished me with her beautiful handwriting.     她以其秀丽的书法而使我惊异。
 How astonishing!     真惊人!
 The figures in that report astounded everyone.     那份报告中的数字让每个人大吃一惊。
 My son's dream is to be an astronaut.     我儿子的理想是当宇航员.
 British astronomer, physicist, and mathematician noted for his work on the kinetic theory of gases and his investigations into the relationships between mathematical concepts and the natural world.     詹姆斯，詹姆斯・霍普伍德1877－1946英国天文学家、物理学家和数学家。以气体动力学的研究和探索数学同自然界之间的关系著称
 We're at cross-purposes: I'm talking about astronomy, you're talking about astrology.     我们彼此误解了: 我谈的是天文学, 你谈的是占星术.
 He is astute in business.     他做生意精明。
 The people ask for political asylum.     人们请求政治避难。
example sentence not found
 Please don't laugh at him.     请不要嘲笑他。
example sentence not found
 She looks like an athlete.     她看起来像运动员。
 The boy got in to the athletic school after a special test.     男孩经过一次专门测验后进了体育学校。
 Who first navigated the Atlantic?     是谁首先横渡大西洋的?
 The atlas was published by our company.     这个地图集是由我们公司出版的。
 The atmosphere over dinner was warm and friendly.     用餐时洋溢著热情友好的气氛。
 The music is very atmospheric.     那音乐很能制造气氛。
 Two atoms of hydrogen combine with one atom of oxygen to form a molecule of water.     两个氢原子和一个氧原子结合而成一个水分子。
 The atomic center is the nucleus, and the electronics winds revolve it.     原子的中央是原子核，电子绕着它旋转。
 He attached a label to his baggage.     他往行李上贴了一个标签。
 There should be no stigma attached to being poor.     贫穷不应该与耻辱扯上任何关系。
 It's an electric drill with a range of different attachments.     这是一个带有各种配件的电钻。
 It is reported that this disease attacks the central nervous system.     据报道说这种疾病破坏中枢神经系统。
 She pulls every string to attain the end.     她想尽一切办法来达到目的。
 Before they fled the country, the enemy vainly attempted to destroy all the factories.     敌人在逃往国外前，妄图把所有工厂都毁掉。
 I shall be attending the meeting.     我会参加会议。
 At Easter, attendances at church rose.     复活节期间，到教堂做礼拜的人多了。
 I asked the attendant to conduct him to the door/conduct him out.     我让服务员领他们到门口[领他出去].
 You must pay attention to your teacher in the class.     上课的时候必须专心听老师讲课。
 You should be attentive to what your parents have said.     你应该注意倾听父母所说的话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We must maintain a firm attitude.     我们必须采取坚定的态度。
 The attorney argue that the decision involve prejudice to his client.     律师论辨说这一裁决侵害了他的委托人。
 The government is trying to attract more investment into the shipbuilding industry.     政府正在试图吸引更多资金投资到造船业方面来。
 She felt a strong attraction to him.     她感到他对她有强烈的吸引力。
 She is pretty rather than attractive.     她是漂亮，而不吸引人。
 A failure in a device attributable to burning, excessive heat, or friction.     烧毁，烧坏由于燃烧、超高热或摩擦引起的设备故障
 The sword is an attribute of a fighter.     剑是斗士的象征。
 The car is sold by auction.     这辆小车被拍卖了。
 Both audible and visible.     视听的听觉的和视觉的
 He delighted the audience with his performance.     他用他的表演使观众喜悦。
 An electromagnetic wave of audio frequency produced by atmospheric disturbances such as lightning, having a characteristically decreasing frequency responsible for a whistling sound of descending pitch in detection equipment.     啸声干扰一种由于诸如闪电等大气干扰而产生的音频电磁波，具有典型的逐渐减弱频率的特征，该频减引起了检波设备中调逐渐下降的啸声
 Don't let that firm handle your auditing; they made a complete balls-up of ours.     不要让那家公司来处理你的帐目，他们把我们的帐弄得一塌糊涂。
 One that audits accounts.     审计者审计帐务的人
 None of the actresses we've auditioned is suitable.     我们试听的这些女演员都不合适.
 The auditorium was packed that night.     这天晚上，礼堂里挤满了人。
example sentence not found
 Having the ability or tendency to augment.     有增加或扩大作用的具有增加的能力或趋势的
 Tourism is at its peak in August.     旅游业在八月份达到高峰。
 My elder sister had a baby last month, so I am an aunt now.     我姐姐上个月生了孩子，所以我现在是阿姨了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He went to Australia and soon made a fortune.     他去了澳洲, 很快就发了大财。
 She chat with the new zealanders. she do not chat with the Australian.     她和那些新西兰人聊天。她没有和澳大利亚人聊天。
 Not genuine or authentic.     不真的，不可靠的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The author seems to strain after novelty.     作者似乎在力图标新立异。
 After30 years, the mature author was able to refine on the work of his youth.     过去30年，这位作家已经成熟，他可以将年轻时候写的作品修改得更完美了。
 An official or authoritarian declaration; a proclamation or an edict.     宣言，公告官方或权威性的宣布；公告或法令
 Don't speak in an authoritative tone.     不要用一种命令的口吻说话。
 The government is the highest authority in the country.     政府是国家的最高权力机构。
 An official authorization appended to a passport, permitting entry into and travel within a particular country or region.     签证附加于护照的一种官方认可，允许进入和在某一特定的国家或地区内旅游
 I've been authorized by the court to repossess this property.     我得到法庭认可重新拥有这笔财产。
 He confidentially authorized me to act for him while he was abroad.     他信任地委托我在他出国期间代行他的职务。
 An area beside an auto racecourse where cars may be refueled or serviced during a race. Used with the.     加油站，修理站一场比赛中在汽车跑道后面用来给汽车再加油或服务的地方，与the连用
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This heating system has an automatic temperature control.     这个暖气系统有自动化的温度调节系统。
 The supermarket doors shut automatically.     超级市场的门是自动关的.
 Semiconductors are going to play an important part in automation and signalling.     半导体在自动化和信号上面即将起着重要作用。
example sentence not found
 He huddled the children into the automobile.     他急急忙忙地把孩子们推进汽车。
example sentence not found
 If we decentralize, the provinces will have more autonomy.     我们把权力下放, 各省就有更多的自主权.
 You are invited to view our autumn collection.     您被邀请参观我们的秋季时装展览。
 She is an auxiliary nurse.     她是一名助理护士。
 This medicine is of no avail.     这药无效。
example sentence not found
 This was the only available room.     只剩下那个房间可用了。
 He was buried by an avalanche and had to be dug out.     他遇雪崩被埋住了，得把他挖出来。
 They exploded every avenue but could not find a solution.     他们探索过各种途径，但是没有找到解决的办法。
 Tom's work at school is above the average.     汤姆的功课是中上。
 He managed to avert suspicion.     他设法避嫌。
example sentence not found
 She tried to avoid answering my questions.     她试图避而不答我的问题。
example sentence not found
 I am awaiting their reply.     我正在等待他们的答复。
 It's time you awake to the realities of the situation.     该是你认识形势的真实情况的时候了。
 The referee awarded a free kick.     裁判员判定罚一个任意球。
 Are you aware that you are sitting on my hat?     你知道你坐在我的帽子上了吗？
 He lives 3 miles away from here.     他住在离这里三哩的地方。
 The silence awed the boy.     寂静使这个小男孩害怕了。
 It would be awful if he found out the truth.     如果他发现了真相，那就糟了。
 She's awfully county.     她十足地主派头.
 Your refusal puts me in an awkward predicament.     你的拒绝让我感到十分为难。
 Several of our plans got the ax when the new government came in.     新政府上台后，我们有几个计划被砍掉了。
 Several of our plans got the axe when the new government came in.     新政府上台后，我们有几个计划被砍掉了。
 In computer graphics, turning all or part of a display image180 degrees about an axis in the plane of the display surface.     在计算机制图技术中，显示图象的全部或一部分对显示面所在平面中某个轴线翻转180度的处理方法。
 No one could understand the little baby's babble.     没人能听懂这个小婴孩的话。
 She is expecting another baby.     她又要生小孩了。
 He is still a bachelor.     他还是一个单身汉。
 Three people can sit in the back of this car.     这车的后座可坐3个人。
 He has no backbone.     他没有骨气。
example sentence not found
 He has a working-class background.     他是工人阶级出身。
example sentence not found
 Plowed through the backlog of work.     费力处理一堆积压待办的工作
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Although he is clever, he is backward in giving his views.     他虽然很聪明，却不善发表他的意见。
 She drove the car backwards carefully.     她小心地向后倒车。
 The bacon is all frizzled up!     腌肉都煎糊了!
 Bacteria are too small to see with the naked eye.     细菌太小，肉眼看不见。
example sentence not found
 An organism, such as a bacterium, requiring oxygen to live.     好氧菌需要氧气生存的有机体，例如细菌
 He's gone to bad since he made friends with those people.     他结交那些人后就开始堕落了。
 What is that badge on your lapel?     你翻领上的是什麽徽章?
 She wants the doll badly.     她非常想要这个洋娃娃。
 We go to play badminton in the nearest gym every Sunday.     每个星期天我们都去最近的体育馆打羽毛球。
 The question baffled me completely and I could not answer.     这个问题把我彻底难倒了，我答不出来。
 He lost his travelling bag when he crossed the desert.     他在穿越沙漠的时候丢失了他的旅行袋。
 Our baggage has cleared customs.     我们的行李已通过海关检查.
 The magistrate refused his bail.     地方法官不准他保释。
 The steaming cake was a bait for the hungry boy.     那热气腾腾的蛋糕对这个饥饿的男孩是个诱惑。
 The bread is baking in the oven.     烤箱里正在烤面包。
 The baker empty several bags of flour into a bin.     面包师把几袋面粉倒入贮藏箱里。
 A bakery specializing in French pastry.     专制法国点心的面包店
 The dolphin balanced the ball on its nose.     海豚用鼻子顶着球，使其保持平衡。
 I always do some exercise on the balcony.     我经常在阳台上做些锻炼。
 We planted some trees on the bald hill.     我们在一座秃山上种了些树。
 How did you enjoy the ball?     你们在舞会上玩得高兴吗？
 His wife is a ballet dancer.     他妻子是一位芭蕾舞演员。
 I don't want to be around when the balloon goes up.     要出事了，我趁早离开是非之地。
 Who was the first man to make an ascent in a balloon?     第一个乘气球升空的人是谁?
 We should put it to a ballot.     我们应该对此进行无记名投票。
 This armchair is made of bamboo.     这个扶手椅是用竹子做成的。
 The government has banned the use of chemical weapons.     政府已经禁止使用化学武器。
 A banana is mainly pulp, except for its skin.     香蕉除了果皮之外，主要是果肉。
 A band of robbers held up the train.     一群强盗抢劫了火车。
 The nurse eased the bandage off from the wound.     护士轻轻地把绷带从伤口上取下来。
 These bandits were arrested several days ago.     几天前，这些歹徒被逮捕了。
example sentence not found
 He fell and banged his knee.     他跌倒了，膝盖重重撞了一下。
 The spy was dishonourably banished from, the land.     那个间谍被不光彩地驱逐出境。
 The organ has two banks of keys.     那架风琴有两排键盘。
 The hard-fisted banker refused to lend Mr Jackson more money for his business.     那位小气的银行家拒绝为杰克逊先生的生意贷更多地款。
 He will choose banking as his career.     他将选择银行业做为职业。
 That company made him bankrupt.     是那家公司让他破产的。
 Ten bankruptcies were recorded in this town last year.     去年这个镇已有十起破产事件。
 The banner lent color to the streets.     旗帜给街道增添了色彩。
 He met the foreign friends and gave a banquet in their honour.     他会见了外国朋友，并设宴招待了他们。
 There are several bars in the hotel.     这家旅馆里有好几个酒吧。
 Want to join us for a barbecue?     想同我们一起去烧烤野餐吗?
 I hope I remember to ask the barber not to cut my hair too short.     我希望我记得要要求理发师不要把我的头发理得太短。
 Just give us the bare facts of the case.     你只要向我们提供案件最低限度的事实真相就行。
 We had barely enough money to last through the weekend.     我们的钱只能勉强维持到周末。
 He bargained with them for the property.     他就财产与他们进行商议。
 The dog barked when the stranger came near.     当陌生人走近时，狗叫了起来。
 The cows were feeding on hay in the barn.     母牛正在牲口棚里吃乾草呢.
 A recording barometer.     自动记录的气压计
 Tilt the barrel forward to empty it.     把桶向前倾, 倒出里面的东西.
 It's useless to continue such a barren argument.     继续这种无聊的争辩是无用的。
 They barricaded themselves in (their rooms).     他们把自己关在（自己的屋子）里面.
 Heavy duties on imports and exports are a barrier to international trade.     进出口的高关税是国际贸易的障碍。
 On these islands a system of barter is used.     在这些岛上仍然实行着物物交换的制度。
example sentence not found
 How many military bases are they maintaining on foreign soil?     他们在外国保持多少个军事基地？
 Rain interrupted our baseball game.     下雨中断了我们的捧球比赛
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Pump out a flooded basement.     把地下室里的水抽干
 A knowledge of her upbringing is basic to an understanding of her books.     知道她成长的背景是理解她著作的基础。
 Basically, it's all a question of upbringing.     这基本上全是一个教养的问题。
 He first poured some water in the basin.     他先在脸盆里倒了一些水。
 We drew this conclusion on the basis of experiments.     我们是在试验的基础上得出这个结论的。
 He made 48 baskets in the game last night.     他在昨晚的比赛中独得了48分。
 We sat there watching basketball.     我们坐在那看篮球比赛。
 The bass soloist was in excellent voice.     这个男低音独唱演员这次唱出了高水平.
 He batted the idea around in his head.     他脑子里反复思考这个想法。
 The second batch of sugar is better than the first.     第二批制成的糖比第一批好。
 I shall have a hot bath and go to bed.     我要去洗个热水澡，然後睡觉。
 This river is dangerous to bathe in.     在这河里游泳危险。
 There are two bathrooms in my house.     我们家有两个浴室。
 The ship was battered against the rocks.     船被岩石撞坏了。
 They are electrifying the battery.     他们正给电池充电。
 They died in the Battle of Waterloo.     他们战死于滑铁卢战役。
example sentence not found
 The hounds were baying as they followed the escaped prisoner.     猎狗在追赶逃犯时不时地咆哮着。
 The concert will be in the school hall.     音乐会将在学校的礼堂内举行。
 He went down to the beach for a swim.     他去海滩游泳了。
 This is a beacon to help aircraft discover their position.     这个闪光灯是帮助飞机确定位置的。
 He took a bead on the hare and then fired.     他瞄准了野兔，然后开枪。
 We enjoy seeing the glorious beams of the rising sun.     我们喜欢观赏初升太阳的灿烂光辉。
 A bean grows rapidly.     豆类植物生长很快。
 Coffee beans are the seeds of coffee plants.     咖啡豆是咖啡树的果实。
 Her husband is such a bear that nobody likes him.     她丈夫很粗暴，没人喜欢他。
 He has a beard.     他长着胡子。
 Please allow the bearer of this passport to pass freely without let or hindrance.     请予护照持有人顺利通行.
 We must consider this question in all its bearings.     我们因该考虑到问题的各方面。
example sentence not found
 Stop goading the poor beast!     别再驱赶那可怜的动物了！
 We heard the beat of the drum.     我们听到鼓声。
example sentence not found
 The prince lived in a large and beautiful castle.     王子住在一个美丽的大城堡里。
 We enjoyed the beauty of nature.     我们欣赏大自然的美。
 I knew she was joking because she had a big grin on her face.     我知道她是在开玩笑，因为她脸上堆满笑容。
 The weather became warmer.     天气变暖和了。
 These young plants will soon be ready for bedding in borders.     这些幼苗不久将栽到花坛中去。
 My bedroom is just above.     我的卧室就在上面。
 That bee gave me a nasty sting.     那只蜜蜂狠狠地蜇了我一下.
 He's got plenty of beef.     他肌肉发达。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Two glasses of cider and a beer, please.     请来两杯苹果酒和一杯啤酒。
 He went as red as a beetroot when I asked about his new girl-friend.     我问起他那新女友, 他就满脸通红.
 You should dress in a way that befits a woman of your position.     你的衣着应与你这种地位的妇女相称。
 He always put the interests of others before his own.     他总把他人的利益放在第一位。
 It had been arranged beforehand.     那事已提前安排好了。
 The boy begged me not to tell his parents.     这个男孩请求我不要告诉他的父母。
 The beggar dressed in rags.     这个乞丐衣衫褴褛。
 The new fare will be 1, beginning (from) next month.     从下月起, 新车费为1英镑.
 I am a beginner in this aspect.     在这方面，我是一个生手。
 You have made a good beginning.     你已经做出了良好的开端。
 I put up the proposal on your behalf.     我是为你的利益才提出这个建议的。
 If you behave like that, you'll get yourself disliked.     如果你的行为那样，你会让人厌恶的。
 His behavior was, in a word, shocking.     总之，他的行为是令人震惊的。
 What comments have you about my son's behaviour?     你对我儿子的行为有什么意见？
 Your watch runs behind.     你的表慢了。
 I don't understand how he can think she is good looking, but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.     我不明白他怎么会认为她漂亮，不过情人眼里出西施罢了。
 When did the world come into being?     世界是什么时候形成的？
 The guard opened a different door, and Bel and the cat went into a beautiful room with expensive, very old tables and chairs.     卫兵打开另外一扇门，贝尔和那只猫走进一个摆满非常古老、昂贵的家具的房间。
 France knocked Belgium out (of the European Cup).     法国队将比利时队淘汰（出欧洲杯足球赛）了.
 The story of his miseries is beyond my belief.     他的悲惨身世令人难以置信。
 I believe it to have been a mistake.     我认为这一直就是错的。
 The bell is knelling.     丧钟已经敲响。
 A hungry belly has no ears.     人肚子饿了就听不进道理。
 What party do you belong to?     你属于哪一党派？
 He is beloved by all.     他是众人所爱戴的。
 We looked down from the mountain to the valley below.     我们从山上俯瞰下面的山谷。
 He gave the boy a real belting.     他用皮带把那个孩子着实打了一顿。
 The bench read the sentence to the criminal.     法官向罪犯宣读了判决。
example sentence not found
 The stream takes a sudden bend to the east.     小溪突然转向东流。
 Such behaviour is beneath contempt.     这种行为令人不齿。
 Fresh air is beneficial to our health.     新鲜空气有益于健康。
example sentence not found
 This project is of great benefit to everyone.     这项工程对每个人都大有好处。
 Is the growth benign or cancerous?     这个肿瘤是良性的还是癌肿性的?
 She has bent on becoming an actress.     她决心成为一名女演员。
 How quickly suntan disappears! You wouldn't think they were brown as berries only a month ago.     他们晒黑的皮肤这么快就变白了。你真难想像一个月前他们晒得又红又黑，像熟浆果一样。
 The liner berthed at midday.     邮轮中午到达停泊地。
 The enemy beset the city with a strong army.     敌人以强大的军队围困城市。
 The company wished to locate its new factory beside the river.     这家公司希望把新工厂设在河边。
 I haven't time to see the film besides, it's had dreadful reviews.     我没有时间去看这部影片--再说, 影评也诸多贬斥.
 The facilities were not ideal but we managed as best we could.     设备不理想，但我们已经尽了最大的努力。
 I bet it will rain tomorrow.     我相信明天一定会下雨。
 Doctor Bethune is a great international fighter.     白求恩大夫是个伟大的国际主义战士。
 The smoke from cooking betrayed the presence of the enemy.     炊烟暴露了敌人的存在。
 You'll like it better when you understand it more.     当你对它更了解时, 你就会更喜欢它.
 One town ends where the next begins and there's a road that runs between.     一个城镇连接著另一个城镇，两者之间有一条路。
 The beverage prepared from the seeds of this plant.     咖啡饮料用这种植物的种子作出的饮料
 I was told to beware lest I injure him.     有人关照我，要我小心别伤害他。
 You bewildered me.     你把我搞糊涂了。
 Sammy stood rooted to the ground, bewildered by all that was happening around him, and wouldn't come although we called and called.     萨米站着发呆，周围所发生的一切把他搞糊涂了，虽然我们又喊又叫但他也不愿过来。
 The level of inflation has gone beyond 8%.     通货膨胀率已经超过了8%。
 Her scientific bias showed itself in early childhood.     她在科学方面的倾向性在孩童时代就已显现出来。
 You can find this psalm in the Bible.     你可以在圣经上找到这篇赞美诗。
 The book ought to include a bibliography of the subject.     这本书应包括一份关于这一学科的参考书目。
example sentence not found
 I taught her to ride a bicycle.     我教她骑自行车。
 I bid two hearts.     我叫两红心。
 No bidder shall be permitted to alter his bid after the bid has been open.     开标以后，任何投标人都不准再修改投标。
 The big moment has come at last!     重要的时刻终于到来了！
 To my disappointment, my father doesn't agree to buy me a new bike.     我父亲不同意给我买新脚踏车, 我很失望。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I can't pay now, please bill me later.     我现在不能付款，请以后开帐单给我。
 The bill was USD10, plus USD1 for postage.     帐款是10美元，再加上一美元邮费。
 The human brain contains several billion nerve cells, which are connected with one another by fine nerves.     人类的大脑含有几十亿个神经细胞，这些细胞由纤细的神经将彼此连接起来。
 Chuck it in the bin!     把它扔到垃圾桶里去!
 In computing and communications, a group of eight binary digits treated as an entity.     在计算技术和通信技术中，作为一个整体来处理的一组8个二进制数字。见octal。
example sentence not found
 Their refusal to sign the contract has put us in a bit of a bind.     他们拒绝签约，从而使我们的处境有些困难。
 The cloth flower snaps on with a special binder.     这布花是用一种特殊的粘合剂固定住的。
 A short essay or treatise, usually on a current topic, published without a binding.     活页文选小短文或专题论文，常关于一个流行的题目，出版时未经装订
 The theory that microorganisms or biochemical compounds from outer space are responsible for originating life on Earth and possibly in other parts of the universe where suitable atmospheric conditions exist.     有生源说，胚种论一种学说，认为来自宇宙空间的微生物或生物化学物是地球上生命的起源，并且在宇宙的其他部分可能有适合的大气状况存在
 I am going to start my doctorate in biochemistry next year.     我准备明年开始攻读生物化学博士学位。
 The novel should be read in conjunction with the author's biography.     这本小说应该和作者传记一起读。
 Biological warfare is terrible.     生物战很可怕。
 He worked hard at his biology.     他努力学习生物学。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The crow is a bird of ill omen.     乌鸦是不祥的预兆。
 Last year there were many more births than deaths.     去年的出生人数大于死亡人数。
 Next Monday will be my 21st birthday.     下星期一是我二十一岁的生日。
 A thin, crisp wafer or biscuit, usually made of unsweetened dough.     薄脆饼干一种通常由不含糖的生面团做成的薄脆饼干
 The bishop married them.     主教为他们主持婚礼。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Your article is a bit long for our paper.     你的文章对我们的报纸而言长了一点。
 Their dog bit a hole in my trousers.     他们的狗把我的裤子咬了个窟窿。
example sentence not found
 Some beer and chocolate taste bitter.     有些啤酒和巧克力有苦味。
 Five cities in the world fought bitterly over the glory of hosting the2000 Olympic Games.     世界上有5座城市为申办2000年奥运会展开激烈的角逐。
example sentence not found
 The story has a certain bizarre interest.     这个故事听起来别有风趣。
 Do you have a black jacket?     你有一件黑夹克吗？
 Please raise your head and look at the blackboard.     请抬起头来，看黑板。
 It's a clear case of blackmail!     这显然是敲诈!
 The blade is chipped in a few places.     刀锋有几个地方缺口。
 The driver was not to blame for the accident.     这次事故怪不着司机。
 Write your name in the blank.     在空白栏中写上你的名字。
 He rolled himself (up) in his blanket.     他用毛毯裹住身体.
 My mind/memory was a (complete) blank I couldn't think of a single answer.     我头脑[记忆]里（完全）是一片空白--连一个答案也想不出.
 Rock music blasted full from the parlor.     摇滚乐声震屋宇，从客厅传来。
 The firemen were unable to control the blaze.     消防队员无法控制这场大火。
 Not bleached or dyed; unfinished. Used of textiles.     本色的，原色的未经漂白或染色的，未完工的，用于纺织品
 The future of this firm will be very bleak indeed if we keep losing money.     要是我们继续亏本的话，这家公司的前途会非常黯淡。
 A page trimmed so as to bleed.     被剪裁的页次经切裁以印成出血版的纸页
 Melt the butter and then blend in the flour.     先把黄油融化, 然後加入面粉.
 God bless you!     愿上帝保佑你！
 Blessed are the humble.     谦虚的人有福了。
 This rain will be a blessing for the farmers.     对农民来说，这场雨真是一场甘霖。
 He is blind to the probable results of his behavior.     他无法了解他的行为可能带来什么后果。
 One that is adored, often blindly or excessively.     被过度崇拜的人往往是盲目或过分地被别人尊崇的人
 Blindness can be a terrible affliction.     失明有时极为痛苦.
 The lights were blinking on the horizon.     灯光在地平线上闪烁着。
 How long can you stare without blinking (your eyes)?     你能瞪著看多长时间不眨眼?
example sentence not found
 They left the meeting en bloc.     他们一起离开了会场.
 The floor was made of wooden blocks.     地板是用木块拼成的。
 Mind out (of the way) you're blocking the passage.     让让（路）--你挡道了.
 She is a luscious blonde.     她是个迷人的金发女郎。
 They are not of the same blood.     他们并非同宗。
 The presence of viruses in the bloodstream.     病毒血症血液中出现病毒的症状
 This bloody company keeps fucking me about.     这倒霉的公司一直亏待我.
 The children are blooming!     孩子们正在健康成长。
 There are many pear trees covered in blossom.     那里有许多开满花的梨树。
 The picture was ruined by several blots of ink.     几滴墨水点毁了这幅画。
 She was wearing a woolen coat, with a cotton blouse underneath.     她外面穿了一件毛外套，里面穿一件棉布衬衫。
 It's blowing hard tonight.     今晚风大得很。
example sentence not found
 I'm feeling blue today.     我今天的心情不好。
example sentence not found
 The police blundered badly by arresting the wrong man.     警方抓错了人，犯了荒唐的大错。
 Not sharp, pointed, or acute in form; blunt.     钝的不锐利的、不尖的或在形状上不尖锐的；钝的
 The racing cars passed in a blur.     竞赛的汽车影绰不清地飞驰而过。
example sentence not found
 The student murmured the answer with a blush.     那个学生红着脸小声说出了答案。
 Mary is a workers' representative on the Board.     玛丽是理事会的工人代表。
 She usually boards students during the college term.     她经常在学期中给学生提供膳宿.
 It is one of their proudest boasts that they have halved the death rate from typhoid.     他们使伤寒病人的死亡率降低了一半，这是他们最感骄傲的事之一。
 The boat will sink unless we bail out.     我们要不把积水清除掉，船就要沉了。
 The sun, moon and stars are heavenly bodies.     太阳、月亮和星星都是天体。
 The argument boiled over into open war.     争论演变成了公开的论战。
 She was scalded when the boiler exploded.     锅炉爆炸时她被烫伤了。
 He is a bold thinker, with lots of original ideas.     他是个敢于思考的人，富有创新观点。
example sentence not found
 We need an eye bolt to fit this valve.     我们需要一个有眼螺栓来固定这个阀门。
 The terrorists planted a bomb in the post office.     恐怖分子在邮局安放了一枚炸弹。
 Enemy positions were bombarded before our infantry attacked.     炮轰敌军阵地之後, 我步兵开始进攻.
 Out rushed a missile from under the bomber.     一枚导弹突然从轰炸机下面发射出来。
 Political leaders exploded a bombshell when they picked the young lawyer to run for mayor.     政界头面人物推举这位年轻的律师出来竞选市长，这真是个“爆炸”新闻。
 A bond of sympathy developed between members of the group.     该组织成员间产生了志同道合的凝聚力.
 Composed of layers bonded together.     层积的由合在一起的薄层组成的
 I must bone up on my French before we go to Paris.     在我们去巴黎之前，我必须刻苦学习法语－。
 The firm repaid her hard work with a bonus.     公司发给她奖金以酬谢她工作努力。
 He was booked on a charge of speeding.     他因超速开车而被记录在案。
 They bought a bookcase to put the books on.     他们买了个书架来放书。
 A clerk booked us in quickly when we arrived at the hotel.     我们一到旅馆，一个职员很快就给我们登记好了。
 We've booked a conjuror for our Christmas party.     我们为圣诞节的聚会预约了一位魔术师.
 The bookkeeper was entering up the sales for the past month.     会计正把上个月的销售帐目登入帐簿。
example sentence not found
 Nearly30 years ago he bought his first job lot of50 books for$3.     大约三十年前，他花了3美元第一次整批买下50本书。
example sentence not found
 He sold a bundle of old magazines to the second hand bookstore.     他把一捆就杂志卖给了旧书店。
 An operation performed in Boolean algebra on two binary digits simultaneously in a way that the result is one if either one or both digits are a one, or zero if both digits are zero. The logic operator is the OR operator.     布尔代数中的一种运算，它同时对两个二进制数字进行如下操作：如果一个数或二个数为1，则结果为1；如果二个数均为零，则结果为零。它的逻辑算符是OR运算符。
 The oil market is enjoying a boom.     石油市场欣欣向荣。
 A big boost in salary.     一次工资大增加
 My boot is pressing against a blister on my toe.     我的靴子挤压了我脚趾上的水泡。
example sentence not found
 A small structure, often open on one or more sides, used as a newsstand or booth.     户外报刊亭或杂货摊经常一面或几面开敞的小建筑物。用作报摊或货摊
 He not only got fifty dollars, but they bought him dinner to boot.     他不仅得了50美元，而且他们还请他吃了顿饭。
example sentence not found
 France borders Germany along parts of the Rhine.     法国沿莱茵河部分河段与德国接壤。
 Worms have bored into the wood.     虫子已经蛀穿了木料。
 The condition of being bored; ennui.     厌烦处于厌烦的状态；无聊
 This is one of the few gratifications of an otherwise boring job.     这是枯燥的工作中少有的一项乐趣。
 I've never heard such nonsense in all my born days!     我一生中从未听到过这种胡言乱语。
 They are poor but proud; they never borrow money or ask for help.     他们虽穷但很自重，他们从不向人借钱或求助。
 On top of borrowing 50, he asked me to lend him my car.     他向我借了50英镑, 此外还向我借汽车.
 The young mother held the baby to her bosom.     那位年轻的母亲把孩子抱在怀里。
 Tom likes to boss younger children.     汤姆喜欢对较年幼的孩子发号施令。
 He meets his future father-in-law during his visit to boston.     他在波士顿小住期间遇见了他未来的岳父。
 Both are good.     两者都好。
 It bothers me that he can be so insensitive.     他这样麻木不仁，我心里很不痛快。
example sentence not found
 Why don't we crack open a bottle of champagne to celebrate?     我们何不开瓶香槟酒庆祝一下呢？
example sentence not found
 He was always bottom of the class in maths.     他的数学成绩在班上总是垫底。
 The bird settled on the topmost bough.     这只鸟儿在最高的权枝上停了下来。
 The ball hit the wall and bounced off it.     球打在墙上又反弹回来。
 You are not legally bound to answer these questions.     在法律上，你没有义务非回答这些问题不可。
 The ball ran (ie rolled) to the boundary.     球向著边线滚去.
 Our joy knew no bounds. Your remarks exceed the bounds of reason.     我们快乐无比。你的评论超出了合理界限
 I think we shall drink to the bounty of nature.     我想我们应该为造物主的慷慨赐予而乾杯。
 The characteristic smell of a wine or liqueur; bouquet.     芳香葡萄酒或酒有特点的气味；酒香
 Boutique clothes; boutique food.     小店服装；小店食品
 Every one bowed as the Queen walked into the room.     女王走进房间时，每个人都鞠躬致敬。
 Do you have a bowel movement today?     你今天上过厕所吗？
 His grandfather gave her an earthenware bowl.     他的祖父给了她一个陶碗。
 We were bowling along (the motorway) at seventy miles per hour.     我们以每小时七十英里的速度（在高速公路上）飞驰.
 He has eaten a whole box of chocolates.     他吃了一整盒巧克力。
 I enjoyed all the sports with the exception of boxing.     除了拳击, 我喜欢所有的运动。
 Don't cry, you are a big boy now.     别哭，你现在已经是大男孩了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We braced ourselves for a bumpy landing.     我们已做好准备, 著陆时会很颠簸.
example sentence not found
 The worker fixed a bracket on the wall.     工人在墙上固定了一个支架。
 It's wrong to bracket him with the extremists in his party his views are very moderate.     把他跟他们党内的极端分子等同看待是不对的--他的观点其实很温和.
 The brackets want an extra screw.     托架需要再加一个螺钉。
 Brains are more than just education.     有头脑不仅指受过教育。
 The marketing team brainstorm for hour in designing the marketing campaign for the new product.     行销小组脑力激荡多时，集思广益，设计新产品的行销策略。
 The brake doesn't grip properly.     刹车不灵了。
 The road to the village branches off on the right.     通往该村的道路向右转为一条小路。
 Follow the main road until it branches, and then turn to the right.     顺着这条大路走，在路的分岔口向右拐。
 His mind kept branching off into the contemplation of side issues.     他的脑子老是岔开去想一些枝节问题。
 These frightful experiences are branded on his memory.     这些可怕的经历深深印入他的记忆。
 Two brandies and soda, please.     劳驾，来两杯白兰地加苏打水。
example sentence not found
 The brass is too loud.     铜管乐器的声音太响了。
 He braved his father's displeasure by marrying that girl.     他不顾父亲不高兴，娶了那个女孩子。
 The soldier earned a medal for bravery.     这名战士因作战勇敢而获得了勋章。
 You are in breach of your contract.     你违反了你签的合同。
 The bread is baking in the oven.     烤箱里正在烤面包。
 The area can easily be worked out if you know the length and the breadth.     如果你知道长度和宽度的话，计算面积就很容易了。
 The cold weather at last broke at the end of March.     寒冷的天气终于在三月末结束了。
 His frequent depressions were the prelude to a complete mental breakdown.     他经常抑郁寡欢, 後来精神完全崩溃了.
 We breakfasted early.     我们很早吃早餐。
example sentence not found
 Several of our research discoveries have been adapted for commercial use, and one particular breakthrough in linear hydraulics is now being used by every oil company in the country.     我们的几项研究发明经转化已被应用于商业领域，特别是在线性液压方面的一项突破性成果现在被国内各家石油公司采用。
 They had chicken breast for supper.     他们晚饭吃鸡胸肉。
 There is a breath of autumn in the air today.     今天的天气已露出了一丝秋天的气息。
 Fish cannot breathe out of water.     鱼离开水就不能呼吸。
 The bear bred two cubs.     这只熊生了两只小熊。
 We are enjoying the cool breeze that comes from the lake.     我们享受着湖面上吹来的凉爽微风。
example sentence not found
 The tea is brewing and will be served soon.     茶正在泡，一会儿就送来。
 He bribed the police to let him go free.     他贿赂警察把他放了。
 All the windows were bricked up.     所有的窗户都用砖堵住了。
 We must drink to the health of the bride.     我们要为新娘的健康干杯。
 Good wishes showered (down) on the bride and bridegroom.     大家纷纷向新娘新郎祝福.
 Politeness will bridge over many difficulties.     举止文雅会使你渡过许多难关。
 The river Thames is spanned by many bridges.     泰晤士河上有很多桥.
example sentence not found
 He drew up a brief for his speech.     他起草了一份讲话的概要。
 He put all the files into his briefcase.     他将所有文件都装进公文包。
 Briefly, I think we should accept his offer.     简而言之，我认为我们应该接受他的提议。
 What a nice bright day!     今天天气多晴朗！
 The sky/weather is brightening.     天空[天气]转晴.
 Stars vary in brightness.     星星光亮度不同。
 A brilliant sun lit up their rooms.     灿烂的阳光照亮了他们的屋子。
 Her article brilliantly demolishes his argument.     她的文章精辟地批驳了他的论点。
 He brimmed a cup with wine.     他斟满一杯酒。
 Spring rains bring summer flowers.     春雨带来了夏日百花。
 He dissipated most of his money and was on the brink of bankruptcy.     他挥霍掉了大部分钱财, 濒于破产。
 A brisk walk in cool weather is invigorating.     在凉爽的天气里轻松地散步令人心旷神怡。
 The Chancellor of the Exchequer is the minister in charge of finance in Britain.     英国财政大臣是负责财政的大臣。
 British colonies were ruled by governors.     英国的殖民地由总督统治。
 He has a brittle temper.     他脾气急。
 She has a broad knowledge of computers.     她对计算机有广博的知识。
example sentence not found
 She broadcasts on current affairs.     她发表时事广播演说。
 The computer's features are detailed in our brochure.     该计算机的特点在我们的小册子中有详细介绍.
 Do you know who broke the window?     你知道谁打破了窗户？
 There is sure to be a fuss when my parents find the window is broken.     我父母发现窗子被打破后，一定会有一番斥责。
 I am an insurance broker.     我是一名保险经纪人。
 Money deposited for checking, savings, or brokerage use.     存款为支付，节省，或经纪业而存起来的钱
example sentence not found
 If you would leave off smoking, your bronchitis would much improve.     如果你戒烟的话，你的支气管炎就会好得多。
example sentence not found
 There will be a display of bronze statuary in this museum next week.     下星期这个博物馆将举办一个青铜雕塑作品展览。
 Some insects produce seven or eight broods a year.     有些昆虫一年产七八次卵。
 This important matter brooks no delay. We must talk about it now.     这件要事不容耽搁，我们必须现在谈谈。
 He picked up the broom to help me sweep the floor.     他拿起扫帚帮我扫地。
 The man who captained the home team is my brother.     率领主队的是我的兄弟。
 We reached the brow of the hill.     我们到达了山脊上。
 This meat takes some time to brown properly when cooking.     这种肉要花点时间才能煮成恰到好处的褐色。
example sentence not found
 I spent hours browsing in the bookstore.     我花了几个小时在书店里浏览图书。
example sentence not found
 She had a dilly of a bruise on her arm.     她手臂上有一块显眼的伤痕.
 I must brush up my English before I go to London.     去伦敦之前，我必须好好温习一下英文。
 NATO's invasion of this independent country is a brutal violation of human rights.     北约对这个独立的国家的侵略是对人权的野蛮侵犯。
 He bubbled questions.     他接二连三地提问题。
 Don't try to buck the system.     不要反对这个制度。
 Water splashed into the bucket from the tap.     水从龙头里喷溅著注入水桶中.
 He buckled up his belt tightly.     他把裤带扣得紧紧的。
 The new buds appear in the spring.     春天嫩芽初绽。
 The body of teachings expounded by the Buddha.     佛法佛祖用来说明佛经的正文
example sentence not found
 The Chancellor of the Exchequer is expected to announce tax cuts in this year's budget.     人们期望财政大臣公布在本年度预算中削减税收。
 He tried to buffalo me at first meeting but I soon caught on to his tricks.     初次见面时他企图欺骗我，但是我很快就明白了他耍的花招。
 Refers to push-down stack procedures and is the acronym for last in/first out, a buffer procedure.     一种把数据压入堆栈的过程，即数据缓冲的过程。LastIn／FirstOut的缩写。
 A buffer in a drum used to temporarily store data.     磁鼓中用来暂时存放数据的一种缓冲区。
 The ship buffeted through the big waves.     这艘船在波涛中奋勇前进。
 Our test flight was to discover the bugs in the new plane.     试验飞行是为了发现新飞机有何毛病。
 We are of the same build.     我们的身材一样。
 The builder cost out the job at$6, 500.     营造商给这活儿估价为6，500美元。
 The building does not conform to safety regulations.     这座建筑物不符合安全条例。
 We will have to change the bulb; it's gone.     电灯泡爆了，我们需要换一个。
 I can't eat any more; my stomach is bulging.     我一点也吃不下，肚子都鼓起来了。
 Do they charge carriage by bulk?     他们是否按体积计算运费？
 The Bull Team is made up of 15 players.     公牛队由十五个运动员组成。
 The bullet hit him in the chest.     子弹击中了他的胸膛。
 In the November2, 19- issue of the Japan trade bulletin, you advertise fountain pen, pencil, etc.     从19―年11月2日《日本贸易公报》看到贵公司有关钢笔和铅笔等广告。
 That gun must be loaded with0.22 bullets.     那支枪必须装0。22英寸直径的子弹。
example sentence not found
 You've solved the puzzle at last? Well, bully for you!     你最後把这难题解决啦? 哦, 你可真棒!
 I've bumped my knee on the wall.     我的膝盖撞上了墙壁。
 Please give me a bumper.     请给我斟一满杯。
 From the drawer Mr Mach took out a chain, with a bunch of keys dangling at its end.     马赫先生从抽屉里拿出一条链子，链子一头挂着一串钥匙。
 She bundled her son off to school.     她匆匆忙忙把儿子打发到学校去了。
 His country cottage turned out to be an enormous bungalow.     他的“乡下房子”原来是一座大平房。
 A built-in bed or bunk, as on a ship or a train.     舱位，卧铺位卧铺或上下铺位，如船或火车上的
 The raft would be more buoyant if it was less heavy.     木筏若轻一点浮起的就更好了。
 Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey towards it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.     希望像太阳，我们向它走去时，它在我们身后投下我们负担的影子。
 The goods were inspected by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau before shipment.     这批货在装船前由中国商品检验局进行过检验。
 The dead hand of bureaucracy is slowing our progress.     官僚主义的流毒拖慢了我们的进步.
example sentence not found
 The burglar was sentenced to death.     那个窃贼被判死刑。
 His body was brought back to England for burial.     他的遗体已运回英国埋葬.
 Paper burns easily.     纸容易着火。
 It's said that a rabbit usually will have more than one burrows.     据说兔子有不止一个洞穴。
 I felt as if my heart would burst with joy.     我觉得自己高兴得心花怒放。
 He walked slowly, his hands buried in his pockets.     他走得很慢，两手插在衣袋里。
 Here is ten pounds; the extra will cover your bus fares.     这儿是10镑钱，多余可用作公共汽车。
 Five persons died during the collision between two buses.     5个人死于公共汽车相撞。
 The juniper is a type of evergreen bush with purple berries.     杜松子是一种生有紫红色浆果的常绿灌木。
 It's a teacher's business to make student learn.     使学生学习是教师的责任。
 He was a shrewd businessman. He knew which side his bread was buttered on.     他是一个精明的商人，深知自己的利益所在。
 He got a bust in the nose.     他鼻子上挨了一拳。
 She is always bustling about the house.     她总是为家务忙个没完。
 To forget his trouble, he busied himself in his garden .     为了把烦恼忘却，他让自己忙于花园的工作。
 He's still but a child.     他还是个小孩子。
 Hitler was as a great a butcher as the world has seen.     希特勒是有史以来最大的杀人狂。
 I've seen you buttering up the boss!     我看见你巴结老板来著！
 It shows the metamorphosis of a larva into a butterfly.     它展示了从幼虫变成蝴蝶的过程。
 My skirt buttons at the back.     我的裙子是背后扣扣子的。
 They bought peace with their freedom.     他们牺牲自由换取和平。
 The contract was fulfilled on the part of the buyer.     买方遵守了合同。
 My brain is buzzing.     我的脑袋嗡嗡响。
 The buzzer rang when the meal was ready.     饭做好时蜂呜器发出　兹　兹的响声.
 The house by the lake is a restaurant.     湖边的那座房子是家饭店。
 Look after yourself, Bye!     自己当心点。再见!
 If we take the bypass we'll avoid the town centre.     我们走旁道, 就能避开市镇的中心.
example sentence not found
 The carry from bit3 to bit4 needed for adding packed binary coded decimal number correctly, where two binary coded decimal digits reside in one8-bit byte.     在两个用二进制编码的十进制数字同居于一个8位字节内的情况下，为了正确地对装配型二进制编码的十进制数进行相加所需的从第3位到第4位的进位。
 A cab will be there in ten minutes.     过10分钟会有一辆出租汽车到那儿。
 My mother was a lady, but just the same she ate boiled cabbage with a knife.     我母亲是个淑女，可她还是用餐刀吃煮过的卷心菜。
 A narrow bed built like a shelf into or against a wall, as in a ship's cabin.     铺位，卧铺在船舱里，挨着墙或嵌入墙内的，象架子似的窄床
 They have found out the mole in the cabinet.     他们已经发现了内阁中的间谍。
 A number of cables are needed in this project.     这项工程需要大量电缆。
example sentence not found
 He job of cache coherency is done partially by the hardware and partially by the operating system.     保证高速缓存一致性的工作由硬件和操作系统共同分担。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Do you think him a good cadre?     你们认为他是个好干部吗？
 The police came and ejected the noisy youths from the cafe room.     ＂警察来了，把那些吵吵嚷嚷的青年人从咖啡馆里撵了出去。＂
 A snack bar or small cafeteria, as on a military installation.     随军小卖部小吃店或小自助餐厅，如军事单位中的
 Criminals are kept in the cages on this island.     刑事犯被关在岛上的牢房里。
example sentence not found
 Jack's shoes were caked with mud in a country road after a shower.     阵雨过后走在乡村小路上，杰克的鞋子上沾了些泥块。
example sentence not found
 The attack on Pearl Harbor was a crushing calamity.     偷袭珍珠港（对美军来说）是一场毁灭性的灾难。
 Calcium is beneficial to our bones.     钙对我们的骨骼有益。
 The government has to calculate the likely effects on revenues of a big drop in the oil price.     政府必须估算出油价大幅度下降对财政收入可能产生的影响。
 You are out in your calculation.     你失算了。
 Cross-check your answer by using a calculator.     用计算器核对一下你的答案.
 The cup final is an important date in the sporting calendar.     足总杯决赛在运动日程表中是个重要日子。
 The calf fumbled for its mother's udder for milk.     小牛摸索着妈妈的乳房找奶吃。
example sentence not found
 I'll call you back.     我会给你回电话的。
example sentence not found
 I'm sorry, caller, their telephone seems to be broken.     对不起，对方的电话好象坏了。
 The hen clucked when calling her chickens.     母鸡唤小鸡时，发出咯咯的叫声。
example sentence not found
 You should keep calm even in face of danger.     即使面临危险，你也应当保持镇静。
 Her diet restricts her to 1500 calories a day.     她的规定饮食限制她每天摄入1500卡的热量。
 The tin of ban have a calorific value of250 calories or have250 calories.     这听蚕豆含２５０卡的热值或２５０个卡里路。
 The movements of trade cam be graphed out, enabling the firm to plan their future markets and advertising.     贸易情况能用图表表示出来，以便该公司能规划未来的市场和广告。
example sentence not found
 The camel is a herbivorous animal.     骆驼是一种食草动物。
 We forgot to take our camera when traveling.     我们旅行时忘记带照相机了。
 You and I belong to different political camps.     你和我属于不同的政治阵营。
 That politician won the presidential election campaign and became the President.     那位政治家赢得了总统选举，成为了总统。
 I live on campus.     我住在校园内。
 There is only one can of meat left.     只剩下一听肉了。
 The maple leaf is the emblem of Canada.     枫叶是加拿大的象征。
 The expedition suffered all the rigors of a Canadian winter.     这支探险队饱受了加拿大严冬的折磨。
 The canal is navigable all the year.     这条运河全年可通航。
 The match had to be cancelled because of bad weather.     比赛因天气不好只得取消。
 The patient finally died from cancer.     那位病人最终死于癌症。
 She had been nominated as candidate for the presidency.     她已被提名为总统候选人。
 These discoveries are not worth the candle.     这些发现毫无价值。
 He bought some candies for me.     他给我买了几种糖果。
 Cane is pliable when wet.     藤条潮湿时易弯曲.
 The cannon shot the town to pieces.     大炮的射击毁了这座城市。
 They were canoeing in the lake.     他们在湖中划独木舟。
 He always bring a canteen with him on a hike.     他作徒步旅行时总是带著水壶。
 The plumber stowed all his gear in a canvas bag.     管子工把他所有的工具都装进一只帆布袋里。
example sentence not found
 He capped my story by telling a better one.     他把我讲的故事加以改进，讲出一个更好的故事。
 The capability, especially of a vehicle tread or tire, to remain on top of a soft surface, such as sand, wet ground, or snow.     浮力，不下陷能力尤指车辆的轮胎表层使轮胎保持不陷入柔软表面如沙地、湿地或雪地的能力
 Our position is capable of improvement.     我们的地位可以改善。
example sentence not found
 Some of the students are welding capacitors; the others resistors.     学生中的一些人在焊接电容，另一些人在焊接电阻。
 Some people have a greater capacity for happiness than others.     有的人享得起福，有的人享不起福。
 A cape or headland.     岬海角或岬
example sentence not found
 Write your initials in capitals.     把你名字的第一个字母写成大写。
 Some say that capitalism and socialism will eventually converge.     有人说资本主义和社会主义最终会合而为一。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This capsule is used for animals.     这个太空舱是用来装载动物的。
 The man who captained the home team is my brother.     率领主队的是我的兄弟。
 As a general contractor in Hong Kong, we are in need of one million square feet of the caption goods for prompt delivery.     本公司香港一家总承包商，目前需要此项货品100万平方英尺，须马上交货。
 He remained a captive to her beauty.     他始终为她的美貌所迷惑。
 The capture of the city shocked everyone in the country.     这座城市被占领使国人大为震惊。
 Repairing your car will cost a minimum of 100 dollars.     修理你的汽车最低限度要100美元。
 The caravan stopped for the night at an oasis.     旅行队在沙漠中的绿洲停下来过夜。
 Synthesis of carbohydrate from carbon dioxide and water using energy obtained from the chemical oxidation of simple inorganic compounds. This form of synthesis is limited to certain bacteria and fungi.     化学合成用简单无机化合物的化学氧化所产生的能量将二氧化碳和水合成碳水化合物。这种化学合成形式只限于某些细菌和真菌
 I make a carbon copy of my documents.     我用复写纸复写文件。
example sentence not found
 They play cards every Friday.     他们每个星期五玩纸牌。
 The point or surface where two parts, such as the eyelids, lips, or cardiac valves, join or form a connection.     连合连合两部分例如眼睑、嘴唇或心脏瓣膜联合或形成连接的点或面
 The cardinal number equal to109.     十亿基数，等于109
example sentence not found
 I don't care about the price, so long as the car is in good condition.     我不计较价钱，只要车很好用就行了。
 She is a career woman rather than a housewife.     她是职业妇女而不是家庭主妇。
 He is careful in his speech.     他说话谨慎。
 You need to structure your arguments more carefully.     你需要更为仔细地组织自己的论点。
 It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.     你没锁门，太粗心了。
 I warned him be was courting death, driving carelessly in a tight traffic.     我曾警告过他，在交通拥挤的情况下开车不小心就是在找死。
 He caressed his wife lovingly.     他爱怜地抚摸着他的妻子。
example sentence not found
 A cargo of steel was lost at sea.     有一货轮的钢材在海上遗失了。
example sentence not found
 Mr. Jones is a clever carpenter.     琼斯先生是个巧木匠。
 Our living room is covered with a carpet.     我们的起居室里铺了地毯。
 She has a graceful carriage.     她举止优雅。
 Legal interference with an opposing player to clear the path of the ball carrier.     阻挡干扰对方队员为带球者开道的合乎规定的阻止
 Have some more carrot.     再吃点胡萝卜。
 This is a dangerous area, so don't carry too much cash on you.     这个地区很危险，所以你身上不要带太多现金。
 The farmer carted his vegetables to the market.     农民用车把蔬菜装运到市场。
 The kid drink up a whole big carton of juice after play in the hot sun.     孩子们在烈日下玩耍後，把一整大盒的果汁喝个精光。
 The man looks like a cartoon character with a plaster on his temple.     那人太阳穴上贴了一块膏药，看上去像个卡通人物。
 Such a projectile in a metal casing; a cartridge.     弹药（筒）装在金属盒中的射弹。弹药
 The statue was carved out of marble.     这座雕像是用大理石雕刻的。
 Climbing plants with their bright flowers hung in cascades over the garden wall.     开出鲜艳花朵的爬藤植物瀑布般悬挂在花园墙上。
 We ordered 3 cases of soda for the party.     我们为晚会定购了三箱苏打水。
 This is a dangerous area, so don't carry too much cash on you.     这个地区很危险，所以你身上不要带太多现金。
 The cheques must be signed in front of the cashier at the bank.     必须当著银行出纳员的面签这些支票。
 There is a little window in the cassette case so that you can see the tape.     盒式音像带上有个小窗, 能看见里面的磁带.
 She cast her eyes down to avoid direct eye contact.     她垂下双目以避免对视。
 The castle walls are very thick.     城堡的墙很厚。
 John is a casual; he can't find a proper job anywhere.     约翰是个临时工，他到处找不到正式工作。
 The cottage was a casualty of the forest fire.     那小屋被森林大火烧毁.
 The little cat gave me a playful bite.     小猫顽皮地轻轻咬了我一下。
example sentence not found
 Can you catalog all these books?     你能给所有这些书编目录吗？
 Can you catalogue all these books?     你能给所有这些书编目录吗？
 A substance, especially an enzyme, that initiates or modifies the rate of a chemical reaction in a living body; a biochemical catalyst.     生物催化剂能在活的体内产生化学反应或改变生物体内化学反应速度的物质，尤指酶；生物化学催化剂
example sentence not found
 Because of the failure the catastrophe will be coming.     因为失败，大祸就要来临了。
 It's noisy and I can't catch a word.     太吵了，我一句话也没有听清。
 Her eyes are the most catching I have ever seen.     她的眼睛是我见到过的最迷人的。
 Dealing with a more restricted category.     小（项）的；小前提的与一个更严格的类别有关的
example sentence not found
 He has to cater for his boss.     他得迎合他的老板。
 This Gothic cathedral has attracted visitors from all around the world.     这座哥特式的大教堂吸引了世界各地的游客。
 She was a devout catholic.     她曾是个虔诚的天主教徒。
example sentence not found
 The cattle are grazing.     牛在吃草。
example sentence not found
 What caused his illness?     是什么使他生病？
 An agent or instrument used to destroy abnormal tissue by burning, searing, or scarring, including caustic substances, electric currents, lasers, and very hot or very cold instruments.     烧灼剂通过烧、灼或结疤手段用于破坏不正常人体组织的药剂或仪器，包括腐蚀物质、电流、激光以及极热或极冷的仪器
 I must caution you against the danger.     我必须告诫你应谨防危险。
 She is cautious of telling secrets.     她很谨慎，不会泄露秘密。
 The cliffs are riddled with caves.     岩壁上布满洞穴。
 A cavity or hollowed surface, especially of a bone.     腔尤指骨头的腔或凹陷的表面
 The old man ceased breathing the night before.     老人前一天晚上停止了呼吸。
example sentence not found
 This ceiling has a carved panel.     这块天花板带有刻花镶板。
example sentence not found
 His victory was celebrated with music and dancing.     以音乐和舞蹈庆祝他的胜利。
 The climax of the celebration was a firework display.     庆祝会的高潮是燃放烟火。
 She became a celebrity overnight.     她一下变成名人了。
 The optical system of the eye stimulate cell of the retina.     眼睛的视觉系统刺激视网膜内的细胞。
 The cellar floods whenever it rains heavily.     一下大雨地窖里就灌满了水.
 The Administration is now threatening economic sanctions against Japan in a desperate attempt to reduce that deficit. The [last] straw that broke the camel's back was the failure of the Motorola Co. to win a large share of the Japanese cellular phone market.     政府现在急欲削减该项逆差，乃以经济制裁威胁日本。最后令（美国）再也不能容忍的事件就是：摩托罗拉公司未能争取到较大的日本手提电话市场。
 Water freezes at the temperature of 0 degrees Celsius.     水在摄氏零度结冰。
 Our object is to further cement trade relations.     我们的目标是进一步加强贸易关系。
 A vehicle for conveying a coffin to a church or cemetery.     柩车装运棺材去教堂或墓地的车辆
 Two scenes were cut by the censor.     有两个镜头被审查员剪掉了.
 One authority on spiders made a census of the spiders in a grass field in the south of England     一位研究蜘蛛的权威对英国南部的一块草坪上的蜘蛛作了一次统计。
 We have to keep track of every cent we spend.     我们得记下我们花的每一分钱。
 The college did us proud at the centenary dinner.     院方在一百周年校庆设宴款待我们。
 He moved the table over to the center of the room.     他把桌子移到房间中心。
 A borough of north-central England northeast of Manchester. Incorporated in1626, it is a major commercial, transportation, communications, and industrial center. Population, 718,100.     利兹英国英格兰中北部城市，在曼彻斯特的东北部。1626年被合并，它是一个主要商业、运输、通讯及工业中心。人口718，100
 The animal's temperature drops to just over zero centigrade, and its heart beats very slowly.     动物的体温降到刚好在零摄氏度以上，心脏跳动非常缓慢。
 The boy is 150 centimeters tall.     这个男孩有150厘米高。
 My house is very central.     我的家非常靠近市中心。
 The new library was built in the centre of the campus.     新图书馆建在校园的中心。
 We are living in the 21st century.     我们生活在21世纪。
 The art or technique of making objects of ceramic, especially from fired clay.     陶瓷学制作陶瓷物品的工艺或技术，尤指用耐火粘土制
 I have a bowl of cereal every morning.     我每天早晨吃一碗麦片粥。
 Either of the lateral halves of the cerebrum; a cerebral hemisphere.     大脑半球大脑侧面半部分的任何一个；大脑半球
example sentence not found
 They hold a mystic religious ceremony.     他们举行了一个神秘的宗教仪式。
 I can't say for certain when he will arrive.     我说不准他什么时候会来。
 Certainly they must know the probable result of such speeches.     无疑，他们一定知道这样讲话可能产生的后果。
 We have no certainty of success.     我们没有成功的把握。
 She's going in for the Cambridge First Certificate.     她将参加剑桥初级证书考试.
 A certification on an affidavit declaring when, where, and before whom it was sworn.     宣誓证明附在宣誓书上的证明，声明何时、何地、在何人监誓下进行宣誓
 I can certify to her honesty.     我可以证明她是诚实的。
example sentence not found
 He is chained to his work.     他工作忙得不能分身。
 He chained his bicycle to the post.     他把自行车拴到柱子上。
 Father sits in the same chair every evening.     父亲每晚都坐在同一张椅子上，
 We were appalled when we heard that the chairman had been murdered.     听说主席被谋杀，我们都吓坏了。
 Dust yourself down you're covered in chalk.     把你自己身上掸掸--上面都是粉笔末.
 This career offers a challenge.     这份职业具有挑战性。
 In Britain the upper Chamber is the House of Lords, and the lower the House of Commons.     英国上院即贵族院，下院即众议院。
 He was drinking cheap champagne with a raffish air.     他喝著廉价的香槟酒, 样子十分放荡.
 The leader of a cause; a champion.     领导者一项事业的领导；拥护者
 She's going for the double this year, the Olympics and the World Championship.     今年她要争取奥林匹克赛和世界杯冠军赛的双料冠军.
 I never miss a chance of playing football.     我从不错过踢足球的机会。
 The chancellor is the most powerful man in the Austrian government.     首相是奥地利政府最有实权的人。
 How much have you got in change?     你有多少零钱？
 This channel comes on the air every morning at 7 am.     这个频道每天早晨7点钟开始播放.
 A Gregorian chant.     格列高利圣歌
 He sees that human stupidity and greed are about to plunge Europe into chaos.     他看到人间的愚蠢和贪婪即将使欧洲陷入一片混乱。
 Poor chap, his wife has just died.     不幸的小伙子啊, 他刚刚死了妻子.
 The ghost of Lady Margaret is supposed to haunt this chapel.     据说玛格丽特女士的鬼魂常在这个礼拜堂出没.
 The opening chapter gives a general overview of the subject.     开篇第一章是对主题的概述.
example sentence not found
 The statements were of political character.     这种声明具有政治性质。
 Ambition is a characteristic of all successful businessmen.     雄心勃勃是所有成功生意人的共同特点。
 He may be characterized as a man of hobbies.     他可以被称作是一个有癖好的人。
 He became his uncle's charge after his parents died.     他在父母去世後，由叔父抚养。
 She regards his moral faults with charity.     她宽恕他的品行不端。
 Her graciousness charmed everyone at the party.     她的风采令社交聚会上的每一个人倾倒。
 The picture showed a charming pastoral scene of cows drinking from a stream.     这幅画表现了牛在溪边饮水的迷人的田园风光。
 Can you read the weather chart?     你能看懂气象图吗？
 The company was granted a charter trade in the occupied territory.     这家公司被授予特权，可以在被占领地区进行贸易活动。
 They caught the puppy after a long chase.     他们追了很久才把小狗逮住。
 The chasm between you and he can not be solved by us.     你和他之间的裂痕不是我们能解决的。
example sentence not found
 Not chaste or modest.     不贞洁的，淫荡的
 Ask him to stop by for a chat.     请他来坐坐, 聊聊天.
 Her shoes look cheap.     她的那双鞋看上去很便宜。
 He never cheats to pass examination.     他考试从不作弊。
 They checked their steps.     他们突然停住脚步。
 The checker made a check on all the victims' friends.     检查者对所有受害者的朋友进行了调查。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I went to see my doctor and had a checkup yesterday.     昨天我去请医生作了一次检查。
 I'm going to put up with your cheek!     我可不想容忍你这个厚脸皮。
 They cheered loudly for their football team.     他们大声地为自己的足球队喊加油。
 I have a cozy and cheerful room.     我有一个舒适的令人愉快的房间。
 We had a homely meal of bread and cheese.     我们吃了一顿面包加乳酪的家常便餐。
 The chef sprinkle poppy seed on the cake.     厨师往蛋糕上撒罂粟籽。
 My major is the subject of chemical engineering.     我的专业是化学工程学。
 The chemist made a mistake when making up the prescription.     药剂师配错了药.
 I prefer chemistry to physics.     我喜欢化学甚于物理。
example sentence not found
 They forged their manager's signature on the cheque.     他们在支票上伪造了经理的签名。
 A mother cherishes her baby.     母亲疼爱孩子。
 We have different pies, such as apple, cherry, and strawberry pies.     我们有不同的派，例如苹果、樱桃和草莓派。
 I like to play chess with my father.     我喜欢和爸爸一起下国际象棋。
 The doctor gave him an examination to see if he had chest trouble.     医生给他做了检查，看他是否有肺病。
 Grab yourself a roast chestnut.     你自己拿一只烤栗子吧。
 I'll think about it while I have a chew.     我吃饭时会想想看。
 Chic clothes; a chic boutique.     时髦的服装；一件雅致的饰物
 The flight is routed to Chicago via New York.     这个航班被安排经纽约飞往芝加哥。
 There was fried chicken for dinner.     有炸鸡肉作晚餐。
example sentence not found
 What is the chief town in Norway?     挪威的主要城市是哪一个？
 The government's revenue is made up chiefly of the money we pay in taxes.     政府的收入主要来源是靠我们所交的税。
 Moses led the children of Israel out of the Egypt.     摩西率领以色列的子民离开了埃及。
 The mother died in childbirth.     那个母亲死於分娩。
 Mankind learns its first language in early childhood.     人类是在幼年开始学习第一种语言的。
 They derided his efforts as childish.     他们嘲笑他的做法很幼稚。
 The children are rushing about.     孩子们到处乱闯。
 There was a chill in the air this morning.     今天早上有点冷冰冰的。
 It's a chilly morning.     这是一个寒冷的早晨。
 Volumes of black smoke poured fromthe chimney.     烟囱里冒出来团团黑烟.
example sentence not found
 His chin was covered with bristles.     他的下巴上长满了胡子茬。
 This set of ancient china is invaluable.     这套古瓷器非常珍贵。
 I'm proud I am Chinese.     我骄傲我是中国人。
 The paint has chipped off where the table touches the wall.     桌子接触墙壁的地方漆皮已剥落。
 He chiseled that rock into the figure of a woman.     他把那块石头凿成一个女人像。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Would you like a cup of chocolate?     你想要杯巧克力饮料吗？
 They are the choice of the men.     他们是队伍中的精英。
 The choir sang the amens beautifully.     唱诗班唱的阿门非常优美.
 She choked with emotion.     她激动得说不出话来。
 He chose not to go home until later.     他决定晚一点才回家。
 She chopped the block of wood in two with a single blow.     她一斧头把木块劈成两半。
 He struck a chord on the piano.     他在钢琴上敲出和音。
 All this was done to relieve women of household chores.     这一切都是为了把妇女从家务劳动中解放出来。
 The chorus is dressed as fairies.     歌舞队的人都装扮成仙子。
 Apostles were sent out by Christ to spread his teachings.     基督派基督十二使徒之一宣传他的教义。
 The man was excommunicated from the Christian Church.     那人被驱逐出基督教会。
 We usually sing carols at Christmas.     圣诞节时，我们一般会唱颂歌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 My brother has chronic bronchitis.     我的哥哥患有慢性支气管炎。
 A period of time as reckoned from a specific date serving as the basis of its chronological system.     年代从某一具体日期算起的一段时间，也用作其年代系统的根据
 The giant shovel is biting off big chunks from the hill.     巨型铲土机正在把小山头一大口一大口地啃掉。
 The Church has a duty to condemn violence.     基督徒有责任谴责暴力。
 He fired up a cigar.     他点着一支雪茄烟。
example sentence not found
 A cigarette thrown into the woods in dry weather may start a fire.     在天气干燥时把点燃的香烟扔进树林可能会引起火灾。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There is a telephone booth near the cinema.     电影院附近有一个电话亭。
 The army uses a special cipher so that military messages are kept secret.     ＂军队使用一种特殊密码，军事电讯因此得以保密。＂
example sentence not found
 He has a large circle of friends.     他有一大群朋友。
 There are two breakers in this circuit.     这个电路里面使用了两个断路器。
 Stop giving me circular explanations and tell me what really happened.     别拐弯抹角地解释了，告诉我究竟发生了什么。
 Blood circulates through the body.     血液在体内循环。
 These ideas have been in circulation for some time.     这些想法已经流行了一段时间。
 A condition marked by an abnormally large number of red blood cells in the circulatory system.     红细胞增多症以循环系统中存在不正常的大量红细胞为特征的状况
 The distance around something; the circumference.     周围，四周围绕某物的距离；周围
example sentence not found
 He was forced by the circumstances to do this.     他做此事是为环境所迫。
 He was forced by the circumstances to do this.     他做此事是为环境所迫。
 The children watched entranced as the circus animals performed.     马戏团的动物们表演时，孩子们都看得入神。
 Some dictionary writer use citation to show what word mean.     有些辞典的编纂者用引文作例证以解释词义。
 The soldier was cited by the king for his bravery.     这士兵由于英勇而受到国王的褒扬。
 Bad official is elected by good citizen who do not vote.     坏官员，是由不投票的好市民选出来的。
 The City reacted sharply to the fall in oil prices.     伦敦商业区对油价下跌反应强烈。
 It's our civic duty to plant trees.     植树是每个公民的义务。
 It was a civil case so there was no question of him being sent to prison.     这是一桩民事案件，因此他没有被送进监狱的可能。
 He resigned his commission to take up a civilian job.     他辞去军职而从事平民工作.
 These letters revealed her wit and civilization.     这些信流露出她的教养和才华。
 His wife has had a civilizing influence on him.     他妻子对改进他言谈举止有潜移默化的影响.
 Many a rough man has been civilized by his wife.     许多粗野的男人在妻子的开导下变得文雅了。
 The matter claimed our serious attention.     这件事需要我们认真注意。
 This clamp is mine.     这个夹子是我的。
 The whole clan is coming to stay with them at Christmas.     他们那一大帮亲戚要在圣诞节期间来他们这里住。
 She clapped her hands in delight.     她高兴地拍手。
 I hope that what I say will clarify the situation.     我希望我说的话能澄清这一情况。
 Lacking clarity or distinctness; cloudy or obscure.     模糊的不清楚的或者不明显的；含糊的或者朦胧的
 She clashed the pan down on the stone floor.     她把炒锅当啷一声掉在石头地板上。
 He held her hand in a firm clasp.     他紧握她的手。
 She is attending evening classes in computer studies.     她在夜校上电脑课。
 The temple has been considered an example of classic design.     人们认为这座神庙是古典式设计的范例。
 He is regarded as one of the classical composers in this century.     他被认为是本世纪第一流的作曲家之一。
 One who assigns names, as in scientific classification.     命名者命名的人。如在科学分类中
 Would you classify her novels as serious literature or other?     你认为她的小说属于文学类，还是其它类?
 His brother is my classmate.     他哥哥是我的同学。
 The boys stopped their clatter when the teacher came into the classroom.     老师走进教室时，男孩子们停止喧哗。
 Please pay attention to this clause in the sentence.     请注意看句中的这个从句。
 They clawed each other in Parliament.     他们在议会中互相吹捧。
 It was said that the first man was moulded from clay by some kind of god.     据传，第一个人是某个神用泥土造出来的。
 Please clean the window as I can hardly see out.     请把窗子弄干净，我几乎看不到外面。
 She is an office cleaner.     她是个办公室保洁工。
 I made it clear to him that I rejected his proposal.     我清楚地告诉他，我拒绝了他的建议。
example sentence not found
 All the local clergy attended the ceremony.     当地所有的牧师出席了仪式。
 The police suspected that the bank clerk was in league with the rubbers.     警察怀疑银行职员与强盗有勾结。
 Mr. Jones is a clever carpenter.     琼斯先生是个巧木匠。
example sentence not found
 That's the click of the switch.     那是开关的咔嗒声。
 The lawyer explained the legal technicalities to his client.     律师给委托人解释法律上的要点.
 I scrambled up the cliff for a better look at the sea.     我很快地爬上峭壁，好饱览大海的景色。
 In the current critical climate her work is not popular.     在当前评论风气影响下，她的作品不怎么受欢迎。
 The music approached a climax.     乐曲接近高潮。
 The value of imports has climbed sharply in the last year.     去年进口货物的价值急剧上升。
 Little children always cling to their mothers.     小孩子总是紧依着母亲。
 The road bears off towards the left when it reaches the brigade clinic.     这条路通到大队卫生站后渐渐转向左边去了。
 The application of the principles of the natural sciences, especially biology and physiology, to clinical medicine.     临床生物医学应用于临床医学的自然科学原理，尤指生物学与生理学
 We clipped our visit by a week.     我们将访问缩短了一周。
 Remove selected data from the document and store it on the clipboard.     从当前文件把数据移开并把它存储在剪贴板上。
 The bus driver clipped our tickets to show we had used them.     公共汽车司机在我们的车票上打孔，标明使用过了。
 Their negotiations were cloaked in secrecy.     他们的谈判在秘密进行。
 There must be something wrong with my clock.     我的钟一定是坏了。
 The cardinal point on the mariner's compass90= clockwise from due north and directly opposite west.     东方航海罗盘上一个基本方位，正北方向顺时钟转90°或指正西的相反方向
example sentence not found
 If you close your eyes, you can't see anything.     如果你闭上眼睛，就什么也看不见了。
 The inaugural session closed at17:10 local.     开幕式在当地时间下午5点10分结束。
example sentence not found
 The prisoners closely guarded escaped from the prison last night.     被严密监视的这些囚犯昨夜越狱了。
 Please put the coats back into the closet.     请把大衣放回到壁橱里。
 You silly clot!     你这个大笨蛋!
 I rubbed the window with a cloth.     我用一块布擦窗子。
 He have to work hard to feed and clothe his family.     他必须努力工作以供给全家吃、穿。
 Hang the clothes on the line.     把衣服晾在绳子上。
 He discarded his winter clothing.     他把冬天穿的衣服都脱掉了。
 When there are black clouds you can tell it's going to rain.     有乌云的时候，就知道快下雨了。
 In that cloudy sky only one lone star can be seen.     在那多云的天上，只能看到孤零零的一颗星星。
 The tennis club has organized a dance.     网球俱乐部组织了一次舞会。
 Don't ask him to do it he hasn't a clue. '     ｀不要叫他做--他没本事.＇
 Do you hear the clump of boots?     你听到靴子的咯咯声吗？
 It's not easy walking in these clumsy shoes.     穿着这双笨重的鞋走路真难受。
 The men clustered together round the fire and sang songs.     人们聚集在篝火周围唱歌。
 The child clutched his toy.     那个孩子紧抓着他的玩具不放。
 I coach people for English exams.     我为准备英语考试的人做辅导。
 Ships coal at Gibraltar.     船在直布罗陀上煤。
example sentence not found
 The two parties have united to form a coalition.     这两个党已结成联盟.
 Gross; coarse. Used of speech or language.     言谈粗俗的粗野的；粗俗的。用语谈话或语言
 The disabled ship coasted the island, looking for a harbor.     那艘损坏的船只在海岛沿岸航行以寻找港口。
 The table was coated in dust.     桌子上覆盖了一层灰尘。
 The chocolate coating has all been licked off the cream buns.     奶油小面包外面的一层巧克力都被舔光了。
 She coaxed him out of his bad temper.     她循循善诱地劝他改掉坏脾气。
example sentence not found
 In the COBOL system, the information represented by a data item, arithmetic expression, or conditional expression.     在COBOL系统中，由一个数据项、算术表达式或条件表达式表示的信息。
 He have all the apparatus, including a blowtorch, for freebasing cocaine.     他有加热吸用可卡因的所有器具，包括喷灯都有。
 The cock crowed at dawn.     公鸡在黎明时啼叫。
 Found cocktail parties distasteful.     发现鸡尾酒会令人反感
 The seed of this plant, used in making chocolate, cocoa, and cocoa butter.     可可种可可树的种子，用于制造巧克力、可可粉和可可油
 Silkworms make cocoons.     蚕做茧。
 The Highway Code has been carried.     公路法规已经被执行。
example sentence not found
 A program or other coding sequence that produces a result of specified type and format(a macro generator;a microcode generator).     产生某种指定类型和格式的结果的程序或另一种编码序列（如“宏生成程序”、“微代码生成程序”）。
 A coed dorm; a coed pool.     男女合住的宿舍；男女联营
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The capitalist countries have to coexist with the socialist countries peacefully.     资本主义国家不得不与社会主义国家和平共处。
example sentence not found
 Would you like a cup of coffee?     想喝杯咖啡吗？
example sentence not found
 The views of party leaders coalesced to form a coherent policy.     党的领导人的各种观点已统一为一致的政策.
example sentence not found
 She coiled her hair at the back of her head.     她把头发盘在脑后。
 He paid me in coin.     他付给我的都是硬币。
 The demonstration had been carefully stage-managed to coincide with the Prime Minister's visit.     这次示威活动事先作了精心安排, 正好在首相访问时进行.
 By coincidence, we arrived here at the same time.     我们凑巧一同到达这儿。
 Coke consists mainly of carbon.     焦炭的主要成分是碳。
 It's cold today, you should put a coat on.     今天很冷，你应该穿件大衣。
 How did Mrs. Lin look at Mr. Lin? She looked at Mr. Lin coldly.     林太太怎样注视林先生？ 她冷漠地注视林先生。
 He was suspected of collaborating (with the enemy).     怀疑他（与敌人）勾结.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Talks between management and unions have collapsed.     资方和工会的谈判失败了。
 Where are the dog's collar and lead?     狗的颈圈和皮带哪去了？
 Lacking the protection of insurance or collateral security.     未经保险的未发保险的，无附加担保的
example sentence not found
 David and I are colleagues.     戴维和我是同事。
 We are collecting money for the famine victim.     我们在为遭受饥荒的灾民募捐。
 You are invited to view our autumn collection.     您被邀请参观我们的秋季时装展览。
 Only with organization can the wisdom of the collective be given full play.     ＂只有组织起来，才能充分地发挥集体的智慧。＂
 Having made the necessary changes, he was satisfied that he had a team which would collectively handle the task.     经过一些必要的变动后，现在的小组成员将会齐心协力开展工作，他对此感到很满意。
 She is a member of the Royal College of Nursing.     她是皇家护士协会的会员。
 The bus and the van collided.     公共汽车与客货车相撞.
 Five persons died during the collision between two buses.     5个人死于公共汽车相撞。
 There is a colon omitted in this sentence.     这个句子中丢了一个冒号。
 Has he any right to use the style of Colonel?     他有资格使用上校头衔吗？
 The resistance movement started a campaign of terror against the colonial rulers.     抵抗运动开展了一场反对殖民统治者的恐怖活动。
 English Pilgrim colonist who sailed to America on the Mayflower(1620) and was the religious leader of Plymouth Colony.     布鲁斯特，威廉1567－1644英国清教徒殖民主义者，乘五月花号航行至美洲（1620年），是普利茅斯殖民地的宗教领袖
 Britain was mandated to govern the former colony of German East Africa.     英国受权代管德国在东非的前殖民地.
 What color did you paint the door?     你把门漆成什么颜色？
 The photograph of the painting reproduces the colors of the original extremely well.     这幅画的照片绝妙地再现了原作的色彩。
example sentence not found
 What colour did you paint the door?     你把门漆成什么颜色？
 His column is syndicated throughout the world.     他的专栏文章通过报业辛迪加在世界许多报刊上发表.
 The police have combed the city for the murderer.     警察在全市到处搜查凶手。
 The combat arm that deploys armored vehicles, such as tanks.     装甲部队部署装甲车辆的战斗部队，如坦克
 We tried it in every conceivable combination.     我们把能想到的各种组合都试了一遍.
 Two atoms of hydrogen combine with one atom of oxygen to form a molecule of water.     两个氢原子和一个氧原子结合而成一个水分子。
 A hypothetical substance formerly thought to be a volatile constituent of all combustible substances released as flame in combustion.     燃素，热素原来假设的在所有燃烧物质中挥发性的一种物质成分，在燃烧中作为火焰而被释放出来
 The train slowly came to the station.     火车缓缓地进站。
 He prefers comedies to tragedies.     他比较喜欢喜剧而不太喜欢悲剧。
 If I had binoculars, I could see that comet clearly.     如果我有望远镜，我就可以清楚地看见那颗彗星。
 He spoke a few words of comfort to me before leaving.     走之前，他向我说了几句安慰的话。
 I won't be comfortable until I know what happened.     我只有知道发生了什么事后，才会放下心来。
 Children like to read comics.     孩子们喜欢看连环漫画。
 The two clauses are separated by a comma.     这两个分句由一个逗号分开。
 The general commanded his men to attack the city.     将军下令部下攻城。
 An army commander must be skilled in tactics.     一名军事指挥官必须精通战术。
 A monument was built to commemorate the victory.     为了纪念胜利，建造了一座纪念碑。
 I commence from this point.     我从此点开始。
 His work was highly commended.     他的工作备受赞赏。
 The king refuses to comment on the election results.     国王拒绝评论选举的结果。
 This commentary was excellently written.     这篇解说词写得非常好。
 Our commentator will now set the scene in the stadium.     讲解员现在就要在体育场向我们报道。
 The practices, methods, aims, and spirit of commerce or business.     利润第一主义商业或营业的实践、方法、目的和精神
 Is commercial correspondence taught at the school?     学校里是否教授商业函件?
 He commissioned a statue of his wife.     他请人制作他妻子的雕像。
 Australian politician who served three terms as prime minister between1908 and1915 and was Australian high commissioner in London(1916-1921).     费歇尔，约翰・阿巴思诺特1841－1920英国海军上将，改革英国海军使之重振威风，为一战作了准备
 She committed herself to philanthropy.     她专心从事慈善事业。
 The President affirmed America's commitment to its transatlantic (ie European) allies.     总统申明美国履行对其欧洲盟国承担的义务.
 He was criticized by the committee for failing to report the accident.     他因未对事故进行汇报而受到委员会的批评。
 The goods were inspected by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau before shipment.     这批货在装船前由中国商品检验局进行过检验。
 Does the common man oppose the ideas of political union between European countries?     一般人是不是反对欧洲国家政治联合的构想呢？
 The question is more complicated than(is) commonly supposed.     这问题比一般人想象的更复杂一些。
 Soon it will be commonplace for people to travel to the moon.     不用多久，人们到月球旅行会变成常见的事了。
example sentence not found
 The official report of the proceedings and debates of a legislature in the Commonwealth of Nations, especially of the British or Canadian parliament.     英国议会议事录在不列颠联邦内产生的立法争论和议事进程的官方报告，尤指英国或加拿大议会
 The discovery caused a tremendous commotion in the scientific world.     那项发现在科学界引起极大的震动。
 I can't communicate with them; the radio doesn't work.     我无法和他们联系，无线电坏了。
 This area has not been covered by the communication net.     这个地区还不在通讯网的覆盖之内。
 All fighters for communism are infidels.     所有的共产主义战士都是不信教者。
 Relating to, characteristic of, or held to resemble communism or Communists.     共产主义者的有关、特征为或保持像共产主义或共产主义者的
 His speech was an affront to all members of the community.     他的话对社区所有成员是故意的侮辱。
 He commute from Beijing to nanjing every week.     他每周乘车往返北京与南京。
 Another commuter from the suburban gentry.     来自郊区的又一个通勤者
 The Commonwealth agreed to make a compact with this country.     英联邦同意和这个国家订约。
example sentence not found
 He had always considered her an ideal companion for his son.     他一直以为她是他儿子的理想伴侣。
 He entertained the company with cigars.     他以雪茄烟招待客人。
 The achievements of an athlete and a writer are not comparable.     运动员的成就与作家的成就不能相提并论。
 To illustrate my point I have done a comparative analysis.     为说明我的观点, 我做了对比分析.
 The Norwegians live in a comparatively cold zone.     挪威人生活在比较寒冷的地区。
example sentence not found
 She is lovely beyond compare.     她真是可爱得无与伦比。
 We can only tell good from bad by comparison.     我们可以通过比较来分辨好坏。
 This is a case with separate compartments for shoes, jewelry, etc.     这是一个分格存放鞋、珠宝等的箱子。
 If you haven't a compass, use the stars to guide you.     倘若没有指南针, 可利用星辰引路.
 We had compassion for the poor widow.     我们同情这个可怜的寡妇。
 Compatibility is a condition of a successful marriage.     和谐与否是婚姻成功的先决条件
 Pertaining to a degree of standardization of computer system components to allow for combinations and large variety of compatible units.     修饰或说明计算机系统部件的标准化的程度，模块化设计允许部件组合和出现很多种类的兼容部件。
 His cleverness and skill compel our admiration.     他的聪明和技巧使我们赞叹不已。
 Who will compensate for the losses?     谁将赔偿损失？
 Compensation of injured workers has cost the company a lot.     公司花了一大笔钱赔偿受伤的工人。
 We have limited funds and several competing claims.     我们的基金有限而争相申请的却有几处。
 No one doubts her competence as a teacher.     谁也不怀疑她能胜任教师工作。
 We know you are competent in doing this job.     我们知道你可以胜任这项工作。
 The team were on excellent form throughout the whole competition.     这个队在整个比赛过程中一直处於极好的竞技状态。
 Our prices are competitive.     我们的价格是有竞争性的。
 That company is a strong competitor of us.     那个公司是我们强有力的竞争对手。
example sentence not found
 It takes years of hard work to compile a good dictionary.     编一部好词典需要多年的艰苦工作。
 In data security, the transmission of data to unauthorized users by processes with legitimate access to data. A compiler, for example, could leak a proprietary program whilst it is being compiled.     在数据保密学中，通过合法访问数据的进程将数据传输给未授权的用户的过程。例如，编译程序在编译期间便可能泄漏专用程序。
 The tourist complained that the room was too dirty.     游客抱怨说房间太脏了。
 You have no cause for complaint.     你没有理由抱怨。
 A wine is a complement to a good meal.     美食加美酒才算完备。
 When will the work be complete?     这项工作什么时候完成？
 She tried to understand the instructions, but she was completely at sea.     她费尽力气想看懂那些说明文字，却全然不知所云。
 The film is on the point of completion.     电影制作即将完成。
 He has a complex about his weight.     他过分关心自己的体重。
 He has a dark complexion.     他肤色黝黑。
 It is a complexity of higher mathematics.     这是一道高等数学的难题。
 Compliance (with the rules) is expected of all members.     要求全体人员都遵守（制度）.
 Don't complicate life for me!     不要为我把生活搞复杂了！
 They have straightened out a very complicated problem.     他们已经把一个非常复杂的问题搞清楚了。
 A further complication was his refusal to travel by air.     更麻烦的是他不肯坐飞机旅行。
 He complimented us with tickets for the football game.     他送给我们足球赛的门票。
 She was told to pay the fine, but refused to comply.     通知她交纳罚款，但她拒不服从。
 Surprise is an essential component of my plan.     我这项计划主要就是想使大家惊喜一下。
 He was composing at the piano at the age of seven.     他7岁时就会钢琴作曲。
 The composer kicked the music around for a while, trying it out.     作曲者把这个曲子随便哼了一会儿，看看行不行。
 He was composing at the piano at the age of seven.     他7岁时就会钢琴作曲。
 In microwave system the separate input from various sources must be brought together to give a composite input which is then transmitted and received by radio.     在微波系统中，来自各处的分散的输入必须被汇集在一起，以形成一个综合的输入，然后由无线电发送和接收。
 He has a touch of madness in his composition.     他有点疯疯癫癫。
 Rose is a plant with compound leaves.     玫瑰是复叶植物。
 I cannot comprehend this phrase.     我无法理解这个片语。
 Range of vision, comprehension, or experience; outlook.     眼界视野，理能能力或经历的范围；眼界
 The reporter has made a comprehensive report.     记者已做了全面的报道。
 The film compresses several years into half an hour.     这部电影将几年的事压缩于半小时内。
 The farmers compressed straw into blocks for burning.     农民们将干草压成块用来烧火。
 A physical sensation produced by compression of a part of the body.     压迫感身体上某一部分由压迫而引起的生理上的感觉
example sentence not found
 This month's figures are comprised in the total.     这个月的数字已包含在总数之内。
 Progress has been made towards a political compromise between the two nations.     两国之间的政治和解已经取得进展。
 Is English a compulsory subject?     英语是必修科目吗？
example sentence not found
 Addition and division are forms of computation.     加法和除法都是计算方法.
 Scientists have computed the probable course of the rocket.     科学家利用计算机计算了火箭可能运行的轨道。
 We should be watchful of computer viruses.     我们应该警惕计算机病毒。
 They interred their dear comrade in the arms.     他们埋葬了他们亲爱的战友。
example sentence not found
 He concealed himself behind the tree.     他藏在树后。
 You must concede that I have tried my best.     你必须承认我已经尽力了。
 It was then that I conceived the notion of running away.     就在那时我产生了逃跑的念头.
 The crowds concentrated round the palace.     人群汇集在宫殿的四周。
 I found it hard to keep my concentration with such a noise going on.     吵闹声不绝于耳，我很难保持精神集中。
example sentence not found
 I can not understand the so abstract concept.     我无法理解如此抽象的观念。
 You have no conception of what it was like to be there.     你完全不知道在那里是什么滋味。
 These problems concern all of us.     这些问题影响到我们每一个人。
 We are all concerned about his health.     我们都非常关心他的健康。
 Concerning each of two or more persons or things.     交互的，相互的关于两个或多个人或物中的每一个的
 He refused to concert with his partners.     他拒绝和他的伙伴们合作。
 He woke his audience to the need for concerted action.     他使听众意识到有必要采取一致的行动。
 I hope you can make some concession.     我希望你能做些让步。
 Teaching content should be concise.     教学内容要少而精。
 Once the price had been agreed, a deal was quickly concluded.     价格一经商定，交易很快就达成了。
 What conclusion did you come to?     你得出了什么结论？
 Supplying or being a final settlement or decision; conclusive.     最后的提供或成为最后的解决办法或决定的；决定性的
 One wonders also why Nature, with some snakes concocted poison of such extreme potency.     人们也不知道大自然为何在一些蛇身上调制出这样高效的毒液来。
example sentence not found
 The workman is still busy concreting the road.     工人还在忙着用混凝土铺路。
example sentence not found
 We condemned him for his bad conduct.     我们责备他行为不检点。
 Condense this paragraph into a few sentences.     把这段文字简缩成几个句子。
 Weather conditions are good.     天气情况良好。
 The duration of such conditional release.     假释期这种有条件释放的期限
 Lipstick and hair conditioner are cosmetics.     口红和护发素都是化妆品.
 The humanitarian scientist called on the improvement of the poor's living condition.     这位人道主义科学家呼吁改善穷人的生活条件。
example sentence not found
 Regularity ought to be observed, as regularity is very conducive to health.     生活应遵守规律，因为规律对健康有益。
 Copper conducts electricity better than iron does.     铜的导电性比铁强。
example sentence not found
 Alteration in excitability and conductivity of a nerve or muscle during the passage of an electric current through it.     电紧张当电流通过时，某一神经或肌肉产生的易激动性和传导体的变化
 The conductor punched his bus ticket.     售票员用剪票夹在他的汽车票上打孔。
 The principal pipe or conduit in a system for conveying water, gas, oil, or other utility.     主要管道输送水、天然气、石油系统中的主要管道或沟渠或其他公用事业设备
 And therefore, if a man write little, he had need have a great memory; if he confer little, he had need have a present wit; and if he read little, he had need have more cunning, to seem to know that he doth not.     因此，一个人如果不写，他就需要记住很多东西；如果不和人交谈，他就需要天笺机智；如果不读书，他就需要更狡猾，能够假装知道他所不知道的东西。
 He is in conference and cannot come to the telephone.     他在开会，没空来接电话。
 He confessed that he had never seen her before.     他承认以前从未见过她。
 The servant enjoyed his master's confidence.     这仆人深得主人的信赖。
 He felt at ease and confident about the future.     他对未来感到轻松自在并且充满信心。
 Don't be too confidential with strangers.     不要过份相信陌生人。
 For some remote systems, the translation of configuration information into machine language.     对于某些远程系统，将配置信息翻译成机器语言的过程。
example sentence not found
 The thief was confined in a prison.     窃贼被关押在监狱里。
 He looked around to confirm that he was alone.     他四处张望，要确定周围没人。
 The price is subject to our confirmation.     所有价格经我们确认后有效。
 If so, your points of view are bound to conflict with his.     如果这样的话，你的观点一定会和他的起冲突。
 I cannot understand his conflicting philosophy.     我不能理解他那互相矛盾的思想体系。
 The building does not conform to safety regulations.     这座建筑物不符合安全条例。
 They confronted the prisoner with his accusers.     他们让犯人与原告对质。
 They asked so many questions that they confused me.     他们问了许许多多问题，把我弄糊涂了。
 Their unexpected arrival threw our plan into confusion.     他们的突然到来打乱了我们的计划。
 There is always traffic congestion in that street.     那条街经常交通阻塞。
 The firm has been taken over by an American conglomerate.     该公司已被美国一企业集团接管。
 I congratulated myself on my narrow escape.     我庆祝自己死里逃生。
 Please give him my congratulations when you see him.     请见到他时转达我的祝贺。
 Congress has approved the new educational budget.     国会通过了新的教育预算。
example sentence not found
 The word is a temporal conjunction.     该词是表示时间的连词。
 Has the phone been connected yet?     电话接通了吗？
 Performing background processing which is not on-line or directly connected to the computer for on-line operation. High priority programs take precedence over specific background jobs.     指实现后台处理。所谓后台处理是指非联机处理，或者说不是直接和计算机连接起来而进行联机操作。优先级高的程序先于特定的后台作业执行。
 The train was late and I missed my connection.     列车误点了，我没能赶上联运。
 The sheath of connective tissue enclosing a bundle of nerve fibers.     经来膜包裹住神经纤维的膜状结缔组织
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Zulus conquered all the neighboring tribes.     祖鲁人征服了所有邻近的部落。
 The Normans ruled England by right of conquest.     诺曼人征服了英格兰成了统治者。
 The thief's conscience smote him.     那个贼突然良心发现。
 We should be conscientious to our work.     我们应该对工作负责。
 He was conscious of his guilt.     他自知有罪。
 This experience helped to change her social consciousness.     这次经验有助于帮助她改变社会意识。
 The policy of our Party is consecutive.     我党的政策始终如一。
 The two parties have reached a consensus.     这两个政党达成了一致意见.
 Her father reluctantly consented to the marriage.     她父亲勉强答应了这桩婚姻。
 He studied hard, and in consequence he passed the exam.     他努力学习，因此通过了考试。
 The goddess of criminal rashness and consequent punishment.     埃特引人草率行事并受到惩罚的犯罪女神
 John was building a small house, but it was blown down in the storm. Consequently, he was back to square one and had to start all over again.     约翰正在建造一幢小房子，但是在暴风雨中房子被吹倒了。结果他又回到了原状，只得重新开始。
 Who discovered the conservation of energy?     谁发现了能量守恒？
 He was very conservative in the estimate.     他的这一估计很保守。
example sentence not found
 I was surprised to find that the strong man liked to eat conserves.     我很惊讶地发现这个强壮的男人喜欢吃蜜饯。
 Your suggestion shall be carefully considered.     你的建议会得到仔细考虑的。
 The mayor is a considerable official.     市长是一位重要的官员。
 You are so considerate.     你真有心。
 Please give the matter your careful consideration.     此事请你仔细考虑.
 The temple has been considered an example of classic design.     人们认为这座神庙是古典式设计的范例。
 The captured criminals were consigned to the dungeons.     抓到的罪犯被送进了地牢。
 Official consignment, as to a prison or mental health facility.     官方拘留官方的授权，给监狱或心理健康机构
 The beauty of the plan consists in its simplicity.     该计划的妙处在于简洁明了。
 Please mix the flour and milk to the right consistency.     请把面粉和牛奶调至恰当的浓度。
 The last five years have seen a consistent improvement in the country's economy.     在最近的五年里，这个国家的经济状况一直在好转。
 Nothing could console him when his pet dog died.     他的爱犬死后，什么事情也不能使他宽慰。
 The two companies consolidated last year.     这两个公司去年合并了。
 Let's collect the sap before its consolidation into a hard mass.     让我们在树液坚固成团之前将之收集起来。
 A traffic sign should be conspicuous.     交通标志应该明显。
 It has recently come to light that a second official was implicated in the conspiracy.     最近有消息披露：又有一名高级官员与这个阴谋有牵连。
 The machinery requires constant maintenance.     这些机器需要经常保养维修。
 These desires gnawed away at us constantly.     这些欲望不断地折磨我们。
 I have lung trouble [indigestion, loose bowels, constipation, cold fits, nervous trouble].     我有肺病[消化不良，拉肚子，便秘，一阵阵发冷，神经衰弱]。
 Analyze the sentence into its constituent parts.     把这条句子的各个成份加以分析。
 Laws are constituted to protect individual rights and properties.     法律是为保卫人民的权利和财产而制定的。
 The constitution of a primitive society is not necessarily simple.     原始社会的结构并不一定就是简单的。
 Cold weather constrains the plant's growth.     寒冷的天气抑制了植物的生长。
 Soon tired of the constraint of military life.     很快厌倦了军事生活的约束
example sentence not found
 A dam constructed across a stream to raise the water level so that the overflow will have sufficient power to turn a mill wheel.     磨坊水坝横跨溪流建造的堤坝，以提高水位使溢满的水有足够的动力转动磨坊的水轮
 A hollow metal cylinder used especially in constructing dams and foundations.     金属筐一种尤其用于筑堤及防御工事的中空的金属筐
 There was a great outcry about the construction of the new airport.     公众强烈反对修建该机场。
 I can not figure out why they ridicule this constructive suggestion.     我弄不懂他们为什麽嘲笑这一建设性建议。
example sentence not found
 I consulted with a friend on a matter.     我和朋友商量一件事。
 The Home Secretary asked a consultant psychiatrist to determine whether she ought to be released(or transferred to hospital) on health grounds.     内务大臣叫精神病顾问医生决定是否应该由于健康原因将她释放（或转移到医院）。
 Consuming or eager to consume great amounts of food; ravenous.     贪吃的吃掉或想吃大量的食物；狼吞虎咽的
 The fire quickly consumed the wooden hut.     火焰很快地吞噬了那所小木屋.
 We should adopt the consumers' suggestion.     我们应该接受用户的建议。
example sentence not found
 Consumption of cotton increased even after it rose in price.     棉花的价格虽然提高了，但消耗依然增加。
 We made contact with the ship by radio.     我们通过无线电同那只船保持联系。
 Scarlet fever is highly contagious.     猩红热传染性很强。
 This book contains all the information you need.     这本书包含你所需的一切资料。
 Shipment to be effected on a container liner of ABC Line.     交由ABC班轮公司的集装箱班轮运载。
example sentence not found
 They are contaminating the minds of our young people with these subversive ideas.     他们这些颠覆性的思想是对我们年轻人的精神污染。
 The doctor contemplated the difficult operation he had to perform.     医生细想他要进行的棘手的手术。
 Contemporary reports of the past events are often more interesting than modern historians' view of them.     对于历史上的事件，当时的报道往往比现代历史学家的评述更为有趣。
 They showed nothing but contempt for him.     他们对他轻蔑已极.
 A hundred schools of thought contend.     百家争鸣。
 He is quite content with his present fortune.     他对自己目前的境遇颇为得意。
 The border has always been a bone of contention between these two countries.     这两国之间的边界问题历来是争议的焦点.
 The contest between France and England for North America ended in victory for England.     法国和英国争夺北美洲的战争以英国的胜利而告终。
 The determination of the meaning of a word is often difficult without a context.     脱离上下文来确定一个词的含义常常是困难的。
example sentence not found
 In Series/1, a series of contiguous records in a volume that describe the contents in terms of allocated data sets and free space.     在IBMSeries／1中，文卷里的一串连续记录，这些记录用于描述已分配数据集和自由空间。
 The Antarctica is a continent centered roughly on the South Pole.     南极洲是一片大致以南极为中心的大陆。
 It's impossible to legislate for every contingency.     为每一偶发事件都立法是不可能的.
 Please stop your continual questions.     请不要再接二连三地提问了。
 Wet weather may continue for a few more days.     多雨的天气可能还要持续好几天.
 Edison and his men were watching his light all the night. The light continued to burn for40 hours before it went out.     爱迪生和他的同伴整晚上在观察他的灯，灯连续亮了40个小时才熄灭。
 Continuity is ensured by using the same props in successive scenes.     在连续的场景中使用同样的道具以确保前後衔接.
 Continuous assessment is made of all students' work.     对全体学生的功课作出连贯性的评定。
 The contour of that mountain looks like a dragon.     那座大山的轮廓看上去像一条龙。
example sentence not found
 Marriage is, first of all, a contract which must be governed by justice.     婚姻首先是一种契约，它必须以公正为制约。
 The contraction of muscle is a reaction of the body.     肌肉的收缩是人体的一种反应。
 The person is a building contractor.     那人是个承建商。
 The report contradicts what we heard yesterday.     这个报道与我们昨天听到的有矛盾。
 That's a flat contradiction of what you said before.     这可和你以前说的恰恰相反。
 The players on the contrary side now took their places.     双方运动员开始各就各位。
 The coastal areas have mild winters, but by contrast the central plains become extremely cold.     沿海地区的冬天天气暖和，可是相比之下中部平原却异常寒冷。
 Honesty and hard work contribute to success and happiness.     诚实加苦干有助于成功和幸福。
 Robert's contribution should also be remembered.     罗伯特的贡献同样应该久志不忘.
example sentence not found
 The prisoner contrived a way to escape.     囚犯图谋越狱。
 The government has imposed strict controls over the import of luxury goods.     政府对奢侈品的进口采取了严格的管制。
example sentence not found
 I plucked up/summoned up my courage (ie controlled my fear) and asked her to marry me.     我鼓起勇气向她求婚.
 His official designation is Financial Controller.     他的职称是财务总监.
 Not wanting to make my controversial views known yet, I preferred to follow the crowd for a while.     我还不想公开我那些会引起争论的观点，宁可暂且随大溜。
 The mayor will try to accord the controversy over the housing scheme.     市长试图调解在住房建筑规划方面的争议。
example sentence not found
 The tribunal will convene tomorrow.     法庭将于明日开庭。
 We find our folding table a great convenience.     我们发现可折叠的桌子使用非常方便。
 We must arrange a convenient time and place for the meeting.     我们必须安排一个合适的时间和地点开会。
 She redeemed her reputation with a powerful speech to the party convention.     她由于向党代表大会做了有力的演说而挽回了自己的声誉。
 He often speaks a few conventional remarks.     他总是喜欢说老生常谈的那几句话。
 The roads converge just before the station.     四面八方的道路会聚在火车站前。
 In time, our views and our efforts converged.     我们的观点和努力迟早要达成一致
 A town at the convergence of two rivers.     位于两条河流交点处的城镇
 Did you have a conversation with him?     你和他谈过话了吗？
 Pertaining to an application in which each entry calls forth a response from a system or program, as in an inquiry system or an airline reservation system. An interactive system may also be conversational, implying a continuous dialog between the user and the system.     用来修饰说明某种应用软件，其中每一输入都会从系统或程序那里得到响应。如查询系统、飞机订票系统。一个交互系统也可以是会话式的，即用户和系统之间的连续对话。
 Conversely, work in applied science and technology frequently acts as a direct stimulus to the development of pure science.     相反，应用科学技术的成果在纯科学的发展中经常起到直接的促进作用。
 When he saw how the theory increased unemployment, he underwent quite a conversion.     当他看到这个理论加重了失业后，他彻底改变了看法。
 He is a recent convert to Christianity.     他最近改信基督教了。
 Sugar is converted into alcohol through the process of fermentation.     糖经过发酵变成酒精。
 That's as much as the output of a costly converter, thirty feet high, really wonderful!     那等于一座高30英尺造价昂贵的转炉的年产量，真了不起！
 A convertible sofa bed.     可变换的沙发床
 The marching men had to close up to let the on-coming convey go past.     行军的人们不得不靠紧些以便让前来的运输队过去。
 Fares do not include conveyance between railway stations and steamer piers.     运费中不包括火车站至轮船码头之间的运输费用。
 The escaped convict has been caught by the police again.     越狱的逃犯已经再次被警方抓获。
 They have no previous convictions.     他们没有前科。
 Your argument is too weak to convince me.     你的论点太薄弱了，说服不了我。
 I know they only meant to help, but it was a case of too many cooks, I'm afraid.     我知道他们一心想帮忙, 可惜人多反而坏了事.
 Clean the area round the cooker.     把炊具周围弄乾净.
 As it was a hot day she wore a cool dress.     因为天气热，她穿了一件凉快的衣服。
 Everything cooperated to make our holiday a success.     这一切凑合起来使我们的假期圆满过去。
 I need your cooperation in this subject.     在这个项目上我需要你的合作。
 The school was very cooperative when we made a film there.     我们到该校拍摄影片时，获得校方的大力协助。
 This is a coordinate clause.     这是一个并列子句。
example sentence not found
 He was copped for speeding.     他因超速行车被捕.
 I don't know how she copes with looking after her family and doing a full-time job.     既要照顾家庭又要全天工作，我不知道她是如何对付的。
 She was a copious writer.     她是一位多产作家。
 Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.     黄铜是铜和锌的合金。
example sentence not found
 I copied out her notes into my notebook.     我把她的笔记抄在我的笔记本上。
 The poem is still under copyright, so you have to pay to quote it.     该诗仍然享有版权, 因此你必须支付引用费.
 Material, such as cord or thread, used to lash or bind parts.     用来抽打的绳索用于鞭笞或捆缚部件的材料，如线或绳
 A cordial abhorrence of waste.     对浪费的深恶痛绝
 The core of our appeal is freedom of speech.     我们的要求的核心是言论自由。
 Do you have any tools to draw out the cork?     你有工具把软木塞拔开吗？
 The corn is coming on wonderfully.     谷物长势极好。
example sentence not found
 By defeating their main competitor this firm has cornered the wheat market.     这家公司击败了主要的竞争对手而垄断了整个小麦市场。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This university is a corporate body formed from several colleges.     这所大学是由几个不同学院组成的。
 West Coast Corps is a large corporation.     西海岸公司是个大型公司。
 A soldier who is a member of a special corps or regiment.     精锐部队，特别部队的士兵属于特殊部队或团队的士兵
 Your answer to the question is correct.     你对这个问题的回答是正确的。
 I believe these figures are the most recent available but I am open to correction.     我认为这些数据是最近才得到的，但我乐于接受改正。
 Hilda's mother has second sight and correctly predicted the date on which Hilda met the man she eventually married.     希尔达的母亲有先见之明，她能正确地预见希达哪一天会碰上她的未婚夫。
example sentence not found
 The results of this experiment do not correlate with the results of earlier ones.     这次试验的结果与以往试验的结果毫不相干.
 The written record of our conversation doesn't correspond with (ie is different from) what was actually said.     对我们交谈所作的文字记录与我们的原话不符.
 Where's the file of our recent correspondence?     我们近期的信件卷宗在哪里?
 He is a poor correspondent.     他是个懒于写信的人。
 A unit of time corresponding approximately to one cycle of the moon's phases, or about30 days or4 weeks.     月大约和月亮盈亏的一个周期相当的时间单位，或约三十天或四周
 My room is at the end of the corridor.     我的房间在走廊的尽头。
 This acid may corrode iron.     这种酸能腐蚀铁。
 Democracy substitute election by the incompetent many for appointment by corrupt few.     民主主义以由无能的大多数作出的选举来代替腐败的少数作出的委任。
 In his sight the world had become corrupted, for all men had lived corrupt lives on earth.     他认为世界充斥着罪恶，因为所有世上的人都过着邪恶的生活。
 A network of extremely small blood vessels passing between the pia mater and the cerebral cortex.     大脑绒被从软膜和大脑皮层之间穿过的极细的小血管形成的网
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A cosmetic, such as rouge, that is used to give color to the face; makeup.     化妆品一种用来给皮肤上色的化妆品，如胭脂；化妆品
example sentence not found
 The rose is a cosmopolitan plant.     玫瑰是遍生于世界各地的植物。
 Your crime will cost you your life.     你的罪行将使你失去生命。
 The shoes alone cost 100.     光是鞋就花了100英镑.
 That's as much as the output of a costly converter, thirty feet high, really wonderful!     那等于一座高30英尺造价昂贵的转炉的年产量，真了不起！
 That hotel probably costs no less than 20 dollars a night.     那间旅馆的住宿费大约要20元一晚呢。
 She wore an antique gown to the costume party.     她穿着一件过时的长袍参加化妆舞会。
 He lives in a cosy little room.     他住在一个舒适的小屋里。
 His cottage is on the gentle slope of the hill.     他的小屋在山的缓坡上。
 This district grew cotton on a large scale.     这个地区过去大量种棉花。
 Dad is sleeping on the couch.     爸爸在长椅上睡觉。
 Why don't you lay off smoking for a while until your cough gets better?     你为什么不先戒烟等你的咳嗽好了一些后再说?
 I wish we could see more new programmes on television, not repeats all the time.     我真希望我们能够看到更多新的电视节目，而不是翻来覆去的那几个老节目。
 The council have told us to cut down the trees.     地方议会通知我们砍掉这些树。
 He is swearing in as a privy councillor.     他作为枢密院官员宣誓就职。
 Councilor Jones must have pulled a few strings to obtain planning permission to build another house in the grounds of his present one.     为了能在他现在土地使用范围再造所房子的计划得以批准，琼斯政务员一定是在背后拉了线。
 Good counsel has no price.     【谚】忠言无价。
 Each side of a case in court has its own counsel.     法庭上原告和被告双方都有各自的律师。
 Have the votes been counted yet?     选票算好了没有？
 Shoppers got into a scrum round the bargain counter.     顾客在廉价品柜台周围你争我夺.
 We must counteract extremism in the party.     我们应该抵制党内的极端主义。
 His wife's calm nature acts as a counterbalance to his excitability.     他妻子的沉着冷静抵销了他的急性子脾气。
example sentence not found
 She counterfeited alarm when he confessed his love.     当他向她示爱时她假装惊讶的样子。
example sentence not found
 One that is foreshadowed by or identified with an earlier symbol or type, such as a figure in the New Testament who has a counterpart in the Old Testament.     先前原形先前的标记或模型所预示或表明的原形，如《新约》中的人物在《旧约》中有对应的形象
example sentence not found
 Countless washer women have rubbed the stone away.     无数洗衣妇的搓洗将那块石头磨掉了。
 We are hoping to go for a day in the country if the weather's fine tomorrow.     如果明天天气好，我们打算到郊外去玩一天。
 The expressway mars the beauty of the countryside.     这条高速公路破坏了农村的田园美景。
 The county town is a hundred li or so away from here.     县城离这有百儿八十里。
 They coupled the carriages of the train together.     他们把火车的车厢连接好。
example sentence not found
 I have a coupon for ten pence off a packet of soap.     我有一张优惠券，买一盒肥皂可以便宜十便士。
 He showed remarkable courage when he faced the danger.     他在面对危险的时候表现出非凡的勇气。
 The courier escort the group into the hotel.     导游陪同这个团队来到饭店。
 Events took their natural course.     事态依自然进程发展。
example sentence not found
 The court of King Solomon was noted for its splendor.     所罗门国王的宫廷以其华丽著称。
 There is always enough time for courtesy.     现在不必在这里说客气话。
 A courtyard in front of a building.     前院建筑物前面的庭院
 Later they may muddle up your name with those of your cousin     以后他们可能会把你的名字跟你堂兄弟们的名字相混淆。
 Do not try to cover a mistake.     不要试图掩盖错误。
 The television coverage of the event was rather sparse.     电视上对这件事报道很少。
 The piece of oilcloth is used as a covering for a table.     这块油布是用来铺桌子的。
 The generals tried to cow opposition to their military rule by imprisoning their leaders.     这些将军通过监禁领导人来威吓反对军事统治的人。
 Coward as he is (=Though he is a coward), he can't bear such an insult.     虽然他是懦夫，却无法忍受这样的侮辱。
 The cowboy lives an idle life.     牛仔过着悠闲的生活。
example sentence not found
 He lives in a cozy little room.     他住在一个舒适的小屋里。
example sentence not found
 Each controller on a bus can be individually addressed by the CPU, this is why the software device driver can write to its registers and thus control it.     在总线上的每个控制器可以被CPU所单独寻址，这是软件设备驱动程序能写入寄存器并能控制这些控制器的原因。
 A crab burger, a tofu burger.     蟹肉三明治；豆腐三明治
 There is a crack in this window.     这扇窗户上有个裂纹。
 The baby slumbered in his cradle.     婴儿安睡在摇篮里。
 He graduated from a school of crafts and arts.     他毕业于一所工艺美术学校。
 Jane craned her neck to look for her mother in the crowd.     简伸长脖子张望，在人群中找她的母亲。
example sentence not found
 He started to crank the engine.     他开始用曲柄启动发动机。
 Mind if I crash (out) on your floor tonight?     今晚我在你家打地铺行吗?
 Flames blazed out from the crater of the volcano.     火焰从火山口猛烈地喷出来。
 The baby often crawls on all fours.     婴儿经常匍匐而行。
 Shops cater for the do-it- yourself craze by offering consumers bits and pieces which they can assemble at home.     商店为了迎合“自己动手”的狂热心理，为消费者提供可以在家里组装的零件。
 The mother of the kidnapped child was crazy with worry.     那个被绑架的孩子的母亲担心得几乎发狂了。
 He put some of the cream on his burn.     他在烫伤处擦了些药膏。
 A crease in the skin, especially on the face; a wrinkle.     皱纹皮肤褶皱，尤指脸上的；皱纹
 This decision creates a dangerous precedent.     这个决定开创了一个危险的先例。
 Her hat is a creation that will never go out of style; it will just look ridiculous year after year.     她的帽子是一项决不会过时的创作，只不过看上去一年比一年滑稽罢了。
 The writing of poems, stories or plays is often called creative writing.     诗歌、小说和剧本的写作常常被称作创作。
 The creator of a new television series; a born creator of trouble.     新的电视系列片的创造者；一个天生多麻烦的人
 Pandas are precious creatures.     熊猫是珍贵的动物。
 I examined his credentials.     我查验了他的证件.
 Looks credible.     看来可信。
 He is a credit to the family.     他是家族中的光荣。
 A homestead cannot be the subject of a sale by court order to satisfy creditor.     宅地不能成为法院命令的满足债权人所要求的销售对象。
 I'll be up the creek if I don't pass this history test.     我若不能通过这次历史考试，麻烦可就大了。
 The cat was creeping silently towards the mouse.     猫悄悄地朝着老鼠爬过去。
 A winding channel, passage, or crevice.     弯曲的沟渠，弯曲的通道，弯曲的裂缝
 We are a happy crew in our office.     我们办公室的一伙人相处得很愉快。
 A cricket team is comprised of eleven players.     一个板球队由11名队员组成。
 It's a crime the way he bullies his children.     像他那样欺负自己的孩子真缺德。
 The police had to make a forcible entry into the house where the criminal was hiding.     警察不得不强行进入罪犯藏身的那座房子。
example sentence not found
 In times of crisis it's good to have a friend to turn to.     危难时好在有朋友可以投奔。
 It tastes sweet and crisp.     吃起来又甜又脆。
 An experiment was made to check up on the reliability of certain criteria.     已经进行了一项实验以检查某些标准的可靠性。
 A standard of measurement or judgment; a criterion.     标准测量或判断的标谁；标准
 She is a very discerning art critic.     她是位眼光敏锐的艺术评论家.
 Why are you always so critical?     你怎么总是这样吹毛求疵？
 His criticism doesn't worry me.     他的批评不会使我不安。
 Stop criticizing (my work)!     别再挑剔（我那作品）了!
 A pointed critique.     尖锐的批判
 Leather made from crocodile skin.     鳄鱼皮革用鳄鱼皮做成的皮革
 She crooked her little finger as she drank her tea.     她喝茶时弯起小指头。
 We have had the biggest wheat crop ever this year.     今年我们的小麦收获量是有史以来最好的。
 He crossed me in everything.     他事事阻挠我。
example sentence not found
 We came to a crossing.     我们来到一个十字路口。
 They did not crouch under the oppression.     他们受压迫而不屈服。
 The crow is a bird of ill omen.     乌鸦是不祥的预兆。
 The room was crowded with guests.     房间里挤满了客人。
 The robbery occurred in broad daylight, in a crowded street.     在拥挤的街道上, 光天化日之下竟发生了抢劫.
 Our team was leading60-0, but the crowd kept yelling,Pour it on!      我们队在60比0领先，但观众们仍不停地喊着“加油！”
 Trees crowned the hill.     树木覆盖着小山。
 We have succeeded in one crucial regard: making this scandal public.     我们办成了一件大事: 将这件丑事公之於众.
 China is a country rich in crude oil.     中国是一个原油丰富的国家。
 We shouldn't be cruel to animals.     我们不应该对动物残忍。
 He was treated with cruelty.     他受到残酷的对待。
 These cruise ships can turn round in two days.     这些游船可用两天的时间装卸完毕.
 She swept up the crumbs.     她打扫了碎屑。
 He crumbled the bread in his fingers.     他用手指把面包捏碎了。
 The front of the car crumpled on impact.     汽车的前部被撞扁了。
 There was such a crush on the train that I could hardly breathe.     火车上挤得我都喘不过气来。
 The crust on the snow was thick enough for us to walk on it.     外层的雪已经冻硬，可以在上面行走。
 She cried with grief when she heard news of her friend's death.     听到朋友死亡的消息，她难过地哭了。
 His echoing cry woke the mountain valley.     他叫喊的回声震荡著山谷.
example sentence not found
 The analysis and deciphering of cryptographic writings or systems.     密码分析对密码书写或密码系统的分析和译解
example sentence not found
 She made her meaning crystal clear.     她把她的意思解释得清清楚楚。
 Please pass me a cube of sugar.     请递给我一块方糖。
 The volume of this container is 20 cubic meters.     这个集装箱的体积是20立方米。
 The cuckoo is a harbinger of spring.     布谷鸟预告春天的来临。
 Have some cucumber.     吃点黄瓜吧。
 When I nod my head, that's your cue to interrupt the meeting.     我一点头, 就是暗示你把会议中断.
 She braid the neckline, hem and cuff of the dress.     她用穗带装饰连衣裙的领口、摺边和袖口。
 Deer are culled by hunters.     猎人把鹿杀掉了一批。
 Her career culminated in her appointment as director.     她一生事业的顶峰是当上董事。
 The police are now on the scent of the culprit.     警方已获得罪犯的线索.
 We must cultivate our own garden and find the joy of doing it in our own heart.     我们都要做好自己工作，并且要在工作中找到精神上的乐趣。
 He is a man of little culture.     他没多少文化修养。
 Clumsy or cumbersome.     不灵活的或妨碍的
 Characterized by or showing the effects of accumulation; cumulative.     积累而成的，累积的以积累效果为特征的或者表现出积累效果的；累积的
 She showed her cunning in the way she avoided answering the question.     她对问题避而不答，显示出她很狡猾。
 Please fill the cup with water.     请把这个杯子装满水，
 He stored foods in his cupboard.     他把食品存放在碗橱里。
 He pulled over to the curb.     他把车子停靠在道路边缘。
 There is still no cure for the common cold.     目前仍没有治愈感冒的良药。
 Curiosity is part of the children's nature.     好奇是儿童的天性。
 She looks rather curious with green hair.     她头发是绿的，样子有点古怪。
 The dying leaves became brown and curled up.     快死的叶子发黄而卷曲。
 Most countries have a decimal currency.     大多数国家使用十进制货币。
 The current is strongest in the middle of the river.     河中央的水流最急。
 Our curriculum comprises Politics, Chinese, English and History.     我们的课程共有四门：政治、汉语、英语、历史。
 She cursed him for ruining her life.     她诅咒他，说他毁了她的一生。
 He cursed me, using a lot of rude epithets likebloody.     他用了一大串诸如“该死的”之类的粗俗词语来诅咒我。
 A hand held controller used with microcomputers and video games to control the movement of the cursor or graphic display, on the screen.     一种手握控制装置，同微机和电子游戏机联用，以控制光标或显示的图形在屏幕上的运动。
 We must try to curtail our spending.     我们必须尽力缩减开支。
 A part of the sitting room was curtained off.     起居室的一部分被帘子隔开了。
example sentence not found
 The road curved sharply to the right.     道路有个急转弯拐向右边。
 She embroidered the cushion with flowers.     她把垫子绣上了花.
 The custodian of a minor child's estate; the custodian of an absentee landlord's property.     年幼孩子财产的监护人；地主外出时其地产的看管人
 Custom rules the law.     【谚】风俗左右法律。
 For once, she lost/dropped her customary reserve and became quite lively.     这次, 她一反平素的沉默寡言, 表现得很活跃.
 My father asked me to see the customer to the door.     我父亲要我送顾客到门口。
example sentence not found
 The goods are not allowed to be exported without approbation of the customs.     没有海关的许可，这些货物是不允许出口的。
 His cruel remarks cut me deeply.     他那无情的话太伤我的心了。
example sentence not found
 Don't be so cute!     别那么鬼！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He took a cutting from a rose.     他从玫瑰树上剪下一枝插条。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He goes to work by cycle.     他骑自行车上班。
 A cyclic check code used to check and correct the burst error appeared in the transmission procedure of binary information sequence. It is one of the error check codes in common use for computer disc memory.     用来检查、纠正二进制信息序列在传输过程中出现的突发错误的一种循环校验码，它是计算机磁盘存储器常用的错误校验码之一。
 The truck nearly ran over cyclist.     那辆卡车差点把一个骑自行车的人压着了。
 The engine is misfiring badly on one cylinder.     发动机有一个汽缸严重失灵.
 They've grown rather cynical about democracy.     他们逐渐感到所谓民主制度也不过如此。
 His dad gave him a good hiding.     他爸爸给他一顿好打.
example sentence not found
 I like to read China Daily on my way home.     我喜欢在回家的途中阅读《中国日报》。
 One of a breed of small, black dairy cattle of Irish origin.     克立牛一种产于爱尔兰的黑色小乳牛
 The dam gave way; it was not strong enough to hold the flood waters.     水坝坍塌了; 它不够坚固, 挡不住洪水.
 They asked him to pay for the damage but he pleaded poverty.     他们要他付损害赔偿金, 但他藉口贫穷而不偿还.
 The book was damned by the critics.     这本书受到批评家的指责。
 These damp matches won't strike.     这些潮湿的火柴划不著.
 Mary's absence cast a damper over the party.     玛丽缺席使晚会为之扫兴。
 The building was cold and damp.     这房子又冷又湿。
 The waves danced in the sunlight.     波浪在阳光下跳舞。
 Violent criminals like that are a danger to society.     那种暴力罪犯对社会是一种危害。
 It's dangerous to be so near to the tiger.     离老虎那么近是很危险的。
 I dare say you are right.     我认为你是对的。
 The daring exploits of the parachutists were much admired.     跳伞者大胆的冒险动作令人赞叹不已.
 It's a dark and moonless night.     这是一个黑暗无月的夜晚。
 The cat's eyes glowed in the darkness.     猫的眼睛在黑暗中发亮。
 You look simply divine, darling!     你简直动人极了, 亲爱的!
 The child made a dart across the road.     这个小孩冲过大路。
 He dashed across the street and ran towards me.     他冲过马路，向我跑过来。
 He dashed across the street and ran towards me.     他冲过马路，向我跑过来。
 The data is still being analyzed.     资料仍在分析中。
 Can you set up a database?     你能建一个数据库吗?
 This Greek dish is of a very early date.     这个希腊盘子是很早时期的制品。
 The data is still being analyzed.     资料仍在分析中。
 Mr. and Mrs. Jones have 3 daughters.     仲斯夫妇有三个女儿。
 The diligent student gets up before dawn every day.     这个勤奋的学生每天天亮以前就起床了。
 You can see stars by night, but not by day.     你在夜晚可以看到星星，白天却看不到。
 The kidnapping occurred in broad daylight.     在光天化日之下竟发生绑架事件.
 We shall have meetings on two consecutive days, Monday and Tuesday.     周一周二连续两天我们都将开会。
 Daytime tasks; daytime clothes.     日间任务；白天穿的衣服
 His eyes dazzled before the strong light.     他面对强光头晕目眩。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was dead asleep.     他酣然大睡。
 What's the deadline?     截止到什么时候？
 We can only make minor concessions, but it might break the deadlock.     我们只能做些较小的让步，但这就可能打破僵局。
 Cancer is a deadly disease.     癌症是一种致命的疾病。
 She turned a deaf ear to our warnings and got lost.     她对我们的警告充耳不闻，结果迷失了方向。
 We're being deafened by next door's stereo.     隔壁的立体声音响要把我们耳朵震聋.
 It means a great deal to her.     这对她意义重大。
 The dealer was slavering over some precious stones.     那商人对一些宝石垂涎欲滴.
 I've heard John Williams will be Dean of our department.     我听说约翰・威廉要做我们系主任了。
 The accident cost him dear.     这次事故使他损失惨重。
 She loved him dearly.     她深爱着他。
 Many soldiers died because of dearth of food.     很多士兵因为缺少粮食死去。
 That defeat meant the death of all my hopes.     那次失败毁灭了我所有的希望。
 After a long debate the bill was passed.     经长时间的辩论，议案获得通过。
example sentence not found
 My bank account shows two debits of 5 each.     我的银行帐户借方记入了两笔5英镑的款项.
 A heavy woven net of rope or wire cable placed over a blasting site to keep debris from scattering.     防爆毯用于爆炸现场、防止碎片飞散的厚的绳网或电缆网
 We'll run into debt if you spend more than our income.     要是你花的比我们挣的还多，我们就要欠债了。
 The debtor was summoned (to appear before the magistrates).     （地方法官）已传唤债务人出庭.
 The detection and recording of the sequencing of instructions in computer programs, for example, as used in monitors and debugging routines.     对计算机程序中的指令序列的检测和记录，例如在监控程序和调试程序中使用的情况。
example sentence not found
 Several decades have elapsed since I graduated from the college.     我大学毕业已数十年了。
 What made the Roman Empire decay?     罗马帝国为何衰亡？
 He is full of deceit.     他诡计多端。
 He deceived me into signing the papers.     他骗我在文件上签了字。
example sentence not found
 They often go skiing in December.     他们经常在十二月份去滑雪。
 He dreamed of living in decent conditions.     他梦想着过体面的生活。
 Deceptive advertising have damaged the company's image among the consumer.     虚假广告已损坏了该公司在消费者中的形象。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He decided to get married.     他决定结婚。
 The boys have decided to go camping next week.     男孩子们已决定下个星期去露营。
 A binary-coded decimal code for representing decimal numbers in which each decimal digit is represented by seven binary digits which are coefficients of8,6,4,2,0,1,0, respectively.     用于表示十进制数的一种二进制编码的十进制码，其中每位十进制数用七位二进制数来表示，它们分别是8，6，4，2，0，1和0的系数。五－二码表如下：
 Difficult to read or decipher.     字迹模糊的，不易辨认的
 Who made the decision to go fishing?     是谁决定去钓鱼的？
 Be decisive, tell them exactly what you think should be done.     果断些，确切地告诉他们你认为应该怎么做。
 The colonel ordered their soldiers to gather on the deck.     上校命令士兵们在甲板上集合。
 These events led to the declaration of war.     这些事件导致了宣战。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Britain declared war on Germany in 1914.     英国在1914年向德国宣战。
 Japan declared war on China.     日本向中国宣战。
 He spent his declining years in the country.     他在乡间度过晚年。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There is a decomposing corpse of a deer.     那儿有一具鹿的腐尸。
example sentence not found
 Several soldiers were decorated for bravery.     数名士兵因英勇而受嘉奖。
 A decorative strip of cloth hung on a garment or wall.     饰带悬挂在衣服或墙上的装饰性的带子或布
 I'm not an interior decorator, but I could always turn my hand to most things.     我不是什么室内装潢设计师，可室内装潢的大部分事情我都能够拿下来。
 There has been a steady decrease in population in this city.     这个城市的人口在持续下降。
 Toy sales peaked just before Christmas and are now decreasing.     玩具销售额在圣诞节前夕达到最高峰, 现已逐渐下降.
 This decree has the force of law behind it.     这一裁决有法律的力量作後盾.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ancient Greek dedicated many shrines to Aphrodite.     古希腊人为爱神阿弗罗狄特造了许多神庙。
 The chapel was dedicated in 1880.     这座小教堂於1880年举行献堂礼.
 His dedication should be learned by all of us.     他的奉献精神值得我们学习。
 From this fact we may deduce that he is sick.     从这个事实我们可推断他生病的事。
 The remaining assets of a business after all liabilities have been deducted; net worth.     资产净值一个企业在扣除了所有的债务后所余资产；净值
 Her deduction that he was now dead was correct.     她作出的他此时已经死亡的推论是正确的。
 His deed claims our respect.     他的行为值得我们尊敬。
 I deem it proper to refuse.     我看还是拒绝为好。
 The deer escaped to the deep forest.     那鹿逃入了丛林深处。
 His smile deepened, but he made no attempt to answer.     他的微笑加深了，但他没有打算要回答。
 His remarks were deeply offensive.     他的话非常无礼。
 The moose looks like deer.     驼鹿看上去像鹿。
 The team lost a game by default.     那个队因没有出席而输掉比赛。
 The hopes were defeated.     希望落空了。
example sentence not found
 If it were not for this defect, I shall hire him at once.     如果不是因为这个缺点，我会马上雇用他。
 He is defective in moral sense.     他不能分辨善恶。
 Earlier a Presidential commission… probed the market's structure for defects and came up with a laundry list of weaknesses with program trading in the forefront.     前些时一个总统授命成立的委员会探究［股票］市场的结构，以便找出缺点。结果毛病一箩筐，其中以程式交易为最显著的缺点。
 The country's defences are weak.     该国的防御能力薄弱.
 Some players are better at defending.     有些运动员较擅长打防卫。
 The courtroom buzzed as the defendant was led in.     被告被带进来时, 审判室里发出一阵嘈杂声.
 The Senate has voted to support the President's defense plans.     参议院已经投票支持总统的防卫计划。
 Deferred benefits; a deferred payment.     迟到的恩惠；延期的付款
 He gave false proof, which set the court at defiance.     他出示假证据，这就是蔑视法庭。
 The deficiency of this plan is very clear and it can't possibly succeed.     这项计划的缺陷是很明显的，它不可能成功。
 We have a great deficit this year.     我们今年有很大亏损。
 They climbed up the mountain through a defile.     他们通过一条小路爬到山上。
example sentence not found
 When boundaries between countries are not clearly defined, there is usually trouble.     国与国之间的边界未明确划定时，通常会发生纠纷。
 Is it definite that they will sign that contract?     他们肯定会签署这份合同吗？
 Yes, definitely.     是的，肯定的。
 To give a definition of a word is more difficult than to give an illustration of its use.     给一个词下定义要比举例说明它的用法困难。
example sentence not found
 I felt quite deflated by your nasty remark.     你那些难听的话使我觉得无地自容.
 The missile deflected from its trajectory.     导弹已偏离轨道.
example sentence not found
 She has a deformed foot and can't walk very easily.     她有一只脚畸形, 行动不方便.
example sentence not found
 He defrauded the author of his property.     他把这个作家的财产骗走了。
 With deft fingers she untangled the wire.     她用灵巧的手指解开了金属线.
 The pine trees defy severe cold.     松树不畏严寒。
example sentence not found
 Her commitment to a great cause degenerated from a crusade into an obsession.     她致力於一伟大事业, 但其崇高的奋斗精神已变质成为偏执的狂热.
 He lives in utter degradation.     他生活十分潦倒。
example sentence not found
 To do this job, you must have a degree in English.     从事这个工作你必须具有英语专业的大学学位。
 Our plane was delayed by fog.     我们的飞机因大雾而误点了。
example sentence not found
 A boss must know how to delegate (work).     当老板的要知人善任.
 Our cultural delegation met with a hearty welcome.     我们的文化代表团受到热烈欢迎。
 The attack is to wipe out data, to delete flies, or to format the hard disk.     常见的攻击方式是消除数据、删除文件或者格式化硬盘。
example sentence not found
 He told us a deliberate lie.     他存心说谎。
 The new regulations are deliberately calculated to make cheating impossible.     新的法规旨在杜绝诈骗行为。
 Her delicate health needs great care.     她娇弱的身体需要小心照料。
 For example, a red delicious apple is a part of the classification apple, which in turn is a part of the fruit class, which is under the larger class food.     例如，一个美味可口的红苹果是苹果类的一员，而苹果又是水果类的一部分，再进一步，水果又是食物这更高一级类的一部分。
 He takes great delight in painting.     他爱好绘画。
 I'd be most delighted if you will.     如果您愿意，我会非常高兴的。
 Individually the children are delightful; en masse they can be unbearable.     孩子们单独时还讨人喜欢, 一多了就受不了了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The rise in delinquency is an indictment of our society and its values.     为非作歹现象有增无已, 这是对我们的社会及其价值观的控诉.
 A delinquent account.     一笔拖欠的款项
example sentence not found
 The doctor delivered her baby.     医生给她接生。
 The next postal delivery is at 4 o'clock.     下一次邮递时间是四点钟。
 Sediment deposited by flowing water, as in a riverbed, flood plain, or delta.     冲积层河床、洪水淹没的平原或三角洲中的流水淤积所产生的沉积层
 Don't be deluded by appearances.     不要被外表欺骗。
 I got caught in the deluge on the way home.     我在回家的路上遇到倾盆大雨.
 These developments have created a great demand for home computers.     这些发展促使家用电脑的需求量增大。
 He prejudiced his claim by demanding too much compensation.     他索赔过高反而使他的要求无法实现。
example sentence not found
 They've grown rather cynical about democracy.     他们逐渐感到所谓民主制度也不过如此。
 The man is neither fish nor fowl; he votes Democrat or Republican according to which will do him the most good.     这个人在左右摇摆，他投民主党的票还是共和党的票得看哪个党对他更有益处。
 It's a democratic government.     它是个民主的政府。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her article brilliantly demolishes his argument.     她的文章精辟地批驳了他的论点。
 Her husband is a demon for work.     她丈夫工作起来精力过人。
 She demonstrated that 2 and 2 are four.     她证明2加2等于四。
 The police said over 100,000 people had taken part in the demonstration.     警方说参加游行示威的人超过十万。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The prisoner repeated denials of the charges against him.     囚犯对被控罪名再三否认。
 Not restricted to or associated with a religious denomination.     非教派的不受宗教派别约束的或与宗教别无联系的
 This word denotes a certain kind of animal.     这个词是一种野兽的名称。
 The minister's action was denounced in the newspaper.     部长的行为受到报界的指责。
 I can't see anything in this dense mist.     这样的浓雾里，我什么也看不见。
 The density of water is 1.     水的密度是1。
 A dental technician specializing in making and fitting dentures as a direct service to the public rather than through a licensed dentist.     假牙师一种牙科技术师，其专长在于制造和安装假牙，他可以直接为公众服务，而不必通过有执照的牙科医生
 I was fitted an artificial tooth by the dentist.     牙医给我镶了颗假牙。
 He has denied his country and his principles!     他已经背弃了自己的国家和原则！
example sentence not found
 The train to Beijing will depart from platform 3 in half an hour.     开往北京的火车将于半小时后从三站台开出。
 This department collects information on political extremists.     这个部门搜集有关政治极端分子的情报。
 Their departure just before the floods was providential.     他们恰在发洪水之前离开, 走得真是时候.
 We are depending on you to finish the paper by Friday.     我们相信你在星期五之前可以完成这篇论文。
 Are the Hawaiian Islands a dependence of the USA?     夏威夷群岛是美国的属地吗？
 Please state your name, age, and the number of dependants you have.     请登记你的姓名、年龄以及供养的亲属的人数。
 The child is dependent on his parents for support.     这个小孩靠他的父母养活。
 It's a picture depicting him as a clown.     这是一幅把他画成小丑的画。
 Our stock of food is greatly depleted.     我们的食物储备已消耗殆尽.
example sentence not found
 I deplore the writings of so-called military history by people concerned with rushing into print so as to catch a market that is still fresh.     我对于由那些人来编写所谓的军事史表示悲叹，他们只顾仓促付印，以求赶上市场还很兴旺的时机。
 Artillery was deployed in the west.     炮兵部署在西边.
 The Nile floods the fields and deposits mud on them.     尼罗河泛滥，在田野上淤积一层泥。
 He makes a deposition that he have witness the accident.     他宣誓作证自己目睹了那起事故。
example sentence not found
 The thought of having to take the exam again depressed me.     想到还需重新考试，我就感到沮丧。
 He suffers from acute depression.     他患有严重的抑郁症。
 The trees outside the windows deprive the house of light.     窗外的树木把房子遮挡得暗然无光。
 The snow is two feet in depth.     雪深两英尺。
 He is the deputy mayor of the city.     他是本市的副市长。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Doors of derelict houses may be boarded and nailed up to prevent children from getting in.     无人居住的房子，可以用木板把门户钉起来，以防止小孩进入。
 Place of origin; derivation.     起源起源的地方；出处
 The third-deepest soil zone in ABC soil, unaltered by weathering and made up of the parent rock from which the two uppermost layers derive as well as other mineral materials.     剖面层ABC土壤剖面层中深度排第三的剖面层，不受风化的影响，由上两层及其他矿物组成的母岩所构成
 The sun descended behind the hills.     太阳下山了。
 A member or descendant of a northern Semitic people, claiming descent from Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; an Israelite; a Jew.     希伯来人，犹太人北方闪米特民族的一员或后裔，自称是亚伯拉罕、以撒克和雅各的后代；古以色列人；犹太人
 The theory that all living organisms are descended from a single cell or organism.     一元发生说认为所有生物都是由一个单细胞或有机体发展而来的理论
 The descent down the mountain took nearly two hours.     下山差不多花了两个小时。
 The falling star described a long curve in the sky.     流星在空中画出了一道长长的弧线。
 The beauty of the sunrise is beyond description.     日出的美景难以描述。
 A blank field descriptor is a descriptor to make blank on output.     一个空白字段描述符是在输出中形成空格的描述符。
 I descry a sail on the horizon.     我看见在天水交接处的轮船.
 The writer decided to live in the Sahara Desert for some time.     那位作家决定去撒哈拉沙漠住一段日子。
 He deserved to be punished.     他应当受到惩罚。
 This is a special case, deserving special treatment.     这是个特殊的案件，应该获得特殊处理。
 This dress is of the latest design.     这件衣服是最新设计。
 The town has been designated a development area.     该城市已被定为开发区。
 The chairman has designated that boy as his successor.     主席已经指定那个男孩作他的继承人。
 A name or designation, especially for a class or group.     名称，称谓名称或称谓，尤指一个阶层或团体的名称
 A procedure causing a system, process, or operation to take on its most desirable configuration or procedures in the best or most efficient way; for example, when arranging instructions and data in storage so that a minimum of machine time or space is used for storing or accessing them.     使一个系统、一个过程或一个操作能取其最希望的结构的方法，或以最好、最有效的方式进行所采取的一些措施。例如，在存储器中合理安排指令和数据的存放位置以便存入和访问时花费的机器时间或空间最小。
 I desire happiness.     我渴望幸福。
 I have long desired to meet them.     我一直渴望见到他们.
 You may leave your key at the reception desk.     你可以把钥匙留在服务台。
 The mouse is a small, handheld object that is pushed around a desktop to move the cursor on the screen or to select choices from menus displayed on the screen.     鼠标是一个可以用手在桌面上推动的小东西，通过它可以在屏幕上移动光标或者选中菜单上的某项功能。
 Bands of outlaws lived in the desolate mountains after breaking the laws.     成群的歹徒犯法后栖身于荒山中。
 Trying to keep this garden in order is the despair of my life.     把这个花园管理好是我力不能及的事。
 A messenger was despatched to take the news to the soldiers at the front.     一名通讯员被派去给前线士兵送消息。
 They invoked help in the desperate situation.     他们在走投无路的情况下恳求援助。
 A dish of strawberries and cream is not to be despised.     一盘草莓加乳酪应该算不差了。
 Say all you want about her (ie Despite any criticism you can make), she's still a fine singer.     不管你怎麽说, 她唱得还算不错.
 He served us brownies as dessert.     他给我们吃核桃仁巧克力饼作为甜点。
 The parcel was sent to the wrong destination.     包裹送错了地方。
example sentence not found
 Some people believe that the Fates preside over man's destiny.     有些人相信，命运之神支配人类的命运。
 We want to nurture the new project, not destroy it.     我们要支持这个新工程, 不要破坏它.
 The intentional, usually remote-controlled destruction of a space vehicle, rocket, or missile after launching, as for defective performance or reasons of safety.     毁灭，摧毁因为方案不完善或为了安全的原因，经常通过遥控对已发射的宇宙飞船、火箭或导弹实施的有意的摧毁
 Are all small children so destructive?     是不是儿童都喜欢破坏?
 A number of soldiers were detached to guard the building.     许多士兵被派去保护这座建筑物。
 A number of soldiers were detached to guard the building.     许多士兵被派去保护这座建筑物。
 He showed detachment in his judgements.     他表现出独到的见解。
 The full details of the agreement haven't been made public.     协议的细节尚未公布。
 Elaborate detailed maps had been prepared for the campaign.     为了这次战役，还准备了详细的地图。
 Tell me all the juicy details.     把有趣的细节都讲给我听。
 A period of time during which a vehicle, person, or material suspected of carrying a contagious disease is detained at a port of entry under enforced isolation to prevent disease from entering a country.     检疫期，隔离期当运输工具、人或材料被怀疑带有传染性疾病，被扣留在港口进行强行隔离的一段期限，以防止疾病传入某个国家
 I seemed to detect some anger in his voice.     我似乎在他的声音中听出一些怒气。
example sentence not found
 Pertaining to the detection and isolation of a malfunction or mistake.     用于修饰或说明与故障或错误的检测和隔离有关的特性。
 I could now see what the detective was driving at: he was trying to establish my whereabouts on the night of the crime.     我现在能够明白侦探的意思了：他那时正试图确定案发那天夜晚我的行踪。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Several factors deter new industry from coming to the city.     许多因素造成了新工业无法进入这座城市。
 A hard detergent.     抗腐蚀清洁剂
 Food is apt to deteriorate in summer.     食物在夏天容易变质。
 Fundamental, underlying character as a determinant of the class to which a thing belongs; nature or essence.     本质，天性基础的和根本的特性，如一种事物归属种类的决定因素；天性或本质
 He was utterly ruthless in his determination to succeed.     他下定决心争取成功。
 The court determined that the man was guilty of assault.     法庭裁定那个人犯了侵犯人身罪。
 He determined to form a club.     他决心成立一个俱乐部。
 I detest all affectation.     我厌恶一切矫揉造作的行为.
example sentence not found
 He works long hours to the detriment of his health.     他长时间的工作，有损健康。
 Something useless, detrimental, or worthless, especially an animal unfit for breeding.     废物无用的、有害的或无价值的东西，尤指不适于配种的动物
 Let's not devalue his work unjustly.     我们不可不公正地贬低他的作品。
 I was devastated by the news of the wreck.     我获悉失事的消息感到十分震惊。
example sentence not found
 Modern music was first developed in Italy.     现代音乐最初是在意大利发展起来的。
 City officials yesterday politely rejected Donald Trump's offer to take over renovations at the Central Park Zoo, but privately said the developer was trying to make a monkey out of Mayor Koch.     市府官员婉言谢绝了特鲁普按管整修中央公园动物园的提议，可是私底下说这位地产开发商是想出葛市长的洋相。
 Ours is a developing country.     我们的国家是一个发展中的国家。
 This is an important stage in our country's development.     这是我国发展的重要阶段。
 If the multitude ever deviate into the right, it is always for the wrong reason.     纵使大众也曾偏向正途也罢，那总是出于错误的原因。
 A systematic deviation of a value from a reference value.     某数值偏离参考值的一种系统偏差。
 The device will be in production by the end of the year.     该装置将於年底投入生产.
 She found out her husband was a devil soon after her marriage.     结婚后不久她就发现她丈夫是一个邪恶的人。
 He devises a new type of transistor.     他发明了一种新的晶体管。
 Please devote more time to your work.     请把更多的时间用于工作。
 His devotion to music is plain to see.     他对音乐的挚爱是显而易见的。
 He sat by the fire, devouring beef and onions.     他坐在火炉旁，狼吞虎咽地吃着牛肉和洋葱。
 The grass was sprinkled with dew.     草上沾满了露珠.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We waited in great suspense for the doctor's diagnosis.     我们焦急万分地等候医生做出诊断。
 The removal and examination of a sample of tissue from a living body for diagnostic purposes.     活组织检查因诊断目的而从生命体中取出、消除和观察样品组织
 Diagnostic or distinctive.     诊断的诊断或区别的
 A diagonal line or plane.     对角线或对角面
example sentence not found
 The diagram had been copied with great precision.     该图表的复印件很精确。
 Can you read the number on the dial?     你能读出刻度盘上的读数吗？
 The dialect is spoken principally in the rural areas.     这种方言主要在农村地区使用。
 Put in the money before dialing.     拨电话前先把钱放进去。
 At last there can be a reasonable dialog between our two governments.     我们两国最后终于能理智地进行对话了。
 The novel contains more narrative than dialogue.     这部小说里的叙述比对话多.
example sentence not found
 The diameter of the tree-trunk is about 2 meters.     这树干的直径大约是2米。
 The diamond ring on her finger glittered in the light.     她手指上的钻石戒指在灯光下闪闪发光。
example sentence not found
 She was angry for her mother's peeping at her diary.     她因母亲偷看她的日记而生气。
 I will not be dictated to.     我不愿受人摆布。
 I hated it if I ever had to take dictation from him.     如果我总是不得不作他的口授记录员，我会感到讨厌的。
 They are the dictator and his minions.     他们就是那个独裁者和他的奴仆。
 A dictionary is an invaluable aid in learning a new language.     在学习一种新语言时，词典是非常有用的工具。
 She's dying to know where you've been.     她极想知道你到哪儿去了。
 Drawing on their practical experience, they designed an air-cooled diesel motor.     他们利用自己的实践经验，设计了一台气冷柴油机。
 He is on a diet to reduce some weight.     他正在节食以减轻体重。
 Although our looks differ, we are both attractive.     尽管我俩相貌不同，但都讨人喜欢。
 It won't make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow.     你今天或明天去没有多大关系。
 The two doctors made different diagnosis of my disease.     两位医生对我的病作出了不同的诊断。
 It is wrong to differentiate between people according to their family background.     根据出身不同而区别待人是不对的.
 He found it difficult to stop smoking.     他觉得戒烟是件难事。
 She found great difficulties in understanding him.     她觉得很难理解他。
 Fashion trends diffuse themselves rapidly around the globe.     时装新潮很快就在全世界流行起来。
 We dug up the rose bushes and planted some cabbages.     我们把玫瑰丛挖出来，然后种了一些卷心菜。
 This rich food doesn't digest easily.     这种油腻的食物不易消化。
 The pancreas can produce substances which help in the digestion of food.     胰脏能产生助消化的物质。
 Although he is thin, he has good digestive power.     尽管他很瘦，他的消化能力挺好。
 The number represented by the digit or digits in2.     在释文2。中所说的由一位或几位数字表示的数。
 The only error you shall receive back is from the dts clerk on the digital machine.     应该接收回来的唯一错误来自于Digital机上的DTS职员机。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There was something impressive about Julia's quiet dignity.     朱丽亚的宁静端庄给人印象很深。
 A closely woven mat of brush and poles used to protect an embankment, a dike, or a dam from erosion.     （用以护堤、坝等的）柴排，沉排，沉床荆棘和杆子的密织席，用于保护堤、坝，使不受侵蚀
example sentence not found
 The horse dilated its nostrils.     那匹马张大它的鼻孔。
 The bad weather put us in a dilemma.     糟糕的天气使我们进退两难
 The diligent student gets up before dawn every day.     这个勤奋的学生每天天亮以前就起床了。
example sentence not found
 She is rather dim about the importance of keeping records.     她不明白作记录的重要性。
 The car can turn on a dime.     这车能在极小的地方转弯。
 There is another dimension to this problem which you haven't considered.     这个问题还有你尚未考虑到的另一个方面。
 A square is two-dimensional and a cube is three-dimensional.     正方形是二维的（平面的）, 而正六面体则是三维的（立体的）.
example sentence not found
 As he turned the knob, the sound diminished.     他一转旋钮，声音就变小了。
 The light of a candle is dimmed by sunlight.     烛光在日光下显得很黯淡。
 The shouts of the boys dinned his ear.     孩子们的吵闹声把他的耳朵都快吵聋了。
 Every weekend, we dine at a nice little restaurant in the neighbourhood.     每个周末，我们在附近一家别致的小餐馆进餐。
 Rooms in cheap hotels are often dingy.     在低级旅馆中全是又黑又脏的房间。
 I am busy cooking dinner.     我正忙着做饭。
example sentence not found
 A device, such as a diode, that converts alternating current to direct current.     整流器；整流管一种将交流电流转化为直流电流的装置，如二极管
 Soft drinks contain carbon dioxide.     软饮料中含有二氧化碳。
 The sun dipped below the horizon.     太阳落到地平线下。
 German physiologist. He won a1901 Nobel Prize for work on serum immunization against diphtheria and tetanus.     贝林，埃米尔・冯1854－1917德国生理学家，因其在抗白喉与破伤风血清免疫方面的工作获1901年诺贝尔奖
example sentence not found
 The diploma is very important for him to get the job.     对他来说，要得到那份工作，文凭是很重要的。
 The spy's activities were concealed by the cloak of diplomacy.     间谍的活动是在外交的掩护下暗中进行的.
 The diplomat is over weight.     那个外交官很胖。
 He tried to be diplomatic when he refused their invitation.     他在拒绝他们的邀请时，尽可能地婉转些。
 Some models are configurable for either type of output via internal dip switch or jumper.     一些MODELS可以通过内DIP开关或JUMPER进行两种形式的配置。
 The general directed that the prisoners should be set free.     将军下令释放犯人。
 The investigation was carried out under the direction of a senior police officer.     调查是在一位高级警官的指导下进行的。
example sentence not found
 They bought the machine directly from the manufacturer.     他们直接从厂商那里购买了这台机器。
 Her career culminated in her appointment as director.     她一生事业的顶峰是当上董事。
 I once saw a man tear a telephone directory in half.     我有一次看见一个人把电话簿撕成了两半.
 She cleaned the dirt from her finger-nails.     她从指甲里剔掉污垢.
 Repairing cars is a dirty work.     修汽车是一个脏活。
 As a matter of fact, many people have a disability.     事实上，许多人身体都有某种缺陷。
 Old age disabled him for hard labour.     年迈使他不能干繁重的工作。
 Her latest book discusses the problems of the disabled.     她 的新书论述残疾人的问题.
 One of the main disadvantages of this system is that it uses very large amounts of fuel.     该系统的主要弱点之一是消耗大量燃料。
example sentence not found
 These two reports of the accident disagree with each other.     这两篇关于事故的报道不太一致。
 A disagreement or quarrel.     争执不一致或争吵
 Her claim was disallowed on the ground(s) that she had not paid her premium.     她要求赔款遭到拒绝, 原因是她事先没有交纳保险费.
 The sun disappeared behind a cloud.     太阳消失在一片云后面。
 He was hard put (to it) to explain her disappearance.     他难以说明她为什麽不见了.
 I'm sorry to disappoint your plans.     我很抱歉妨碍了你的计划。
 If you were expecting our life in the country to be the New Jerusalem, you're going to be very disappointed.     如果你期望我们在乡下的生活会像天堂那样美丽，那你是会非常失望的。
 That defeat was a surprise and a disappointment.     那次失败令人吃惊，令人失望。
 She gestured her disapproval.     她用姿势表示不赞成.
 The plan was disapproved     计划没有被通过。
 The police disarmed the criminal.     警察缴下了罪犯的枪械。
 The troops fled in disarray.     部队仓皇逃散.
example sentence not found
 The disaster caused him to waver in his faith.     这件灾难使他对信仰发生了动摇。
 This environmental effect of this new factory could be disastrous.     这家新工厂给自然环境带来的影响可能是灾难性的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You can't copy your file with this disc; it's full.     你不能用这张磁盘拷文件，这张盘满了。
 You've got to discard before you can pick up another card.     你得先打出一张牌，才能拿另一张牌。
 He discarded his winter clothing.     他把冬天穿的衣服都脱掉了。
 I soon discerned that the man was lying.     我马上察觉出那人在撒谎。
 How long will the discharge of the cargo take?     卸货需要多久？
 Controlled behavior resulting from disciplinary training; self-control.     自制遵守纪律训练而养成的克制行为；自控
 The teacher can't keep discipline in her class.     那位老师无法维持教室纪律。
 The manufacturer disclaim all responsibility for damage cause by misuse.     使用不当而造成的损坏，生产厂家不负任何责任。
 The authorities finally disclosed the truth to the press.     当局终于向新闻界透露了真相。
 We danced to the disco music.     我们跟著迪斯科乐曲跳舞.
example sentence not found
 I was unhappy because of the discomforts of travel.     我因为旅行的不适而感到不快。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You must discontinue your actions.     你必须中断你的行动。
 What has brought discord into the family?     什么事使得这个家庭不和？
example sentence not found
 We give 10 percent discount for cash.     现金付款，我们九折优惠。
 Inflation discourages saving.     通货膨胀阻碍储蓄的积累。
 They listened to his discourse on human relations.     他们听他作关于人际关系的演讲。
 Columbus is said to have discovered America in 1492.     据说哥伦布于1492年发现了美洲。
 The new discovery caused a great sensation.     这项新发现很轰动。
 I'll certainly be most discreet in my conversation.     我在谈话中当然会十分小心的。
 His utterances were discreetly academic.     他的言论严谨；具有学术性。
 I thought I had explained away the discrepancy but he had the actual figure and so I left myself wide open to a charge of telling lies.     我以为我已经有矛盾之处作了辩解，但是他掌握了确凿的数字，因此当他把控我说谎时，我毫无招架之势。
 A discrete part or portion of a work, such as a painting, building, or decorative object, especially when considered in isolation.     细部某项作品（例如绘画、建筑、装饰）的一部分，尤指这些部分被分开来独立考虑的部分
 I won't tell you what time to leave, you're old enough to use your own discretion.     我不告诉你什么时候离开，你已经长大了，该自己作出决定。
example sentence not found
 Can you discriminate good books from bad?     你能区别好书与坏书吗？
 We should not have racial discrimination.     我们不该有种族歧视。
example sentence not found
 What does the book discuss?     这本书讲了什么？
 Their case is now under discussion.     他们的案件现在正在讨论中。
 I have nothing but disdain for such a person.     对这样一个人，我只有鄙视。
 The poor man has a serious disease of the liver.     这个可怜的人患有严重的肝病。
 The surgeon cut the diseased tissue out from the girl's leg.     外科医生切除了女孩腿上有病的组织。
 He quit in disgrace over the bribe.     他因受贿而不光彩地辞职了。
 Please account for your disgraceful conduct.     对你的可耻行为请作解释.
 It proved difficult to disguise his anxiety.     他的焦虑难以掩饰。
 His behavior filled her with disgust.     她对他的行为充满了厌恶。
example sentence not found
 The careless waiter dropped the dish onto the ground.     那个粗心的侍者把盘子摔到了地上。
 Susceptibility to bribery or corruption, as in the use of a position of trust for dishonest gain.     甘受贿赂，贪污腐化易受贿赂或腐败的影响性，如在使用不诚实的收益的信托状况时
 His behaviors have brought dishonor onto his family.     他的行为给他的家庭带来了耻辱。
 He has done many dishonorable things these years     这些年，他干了许多可耻的事情。
 Disillusion voter want an alternative to the two main parties.     失望的选民需要一个党派以取代这两个大党。
 Be disinclined to do sth.     无意干某事，不愿干某事
example sentence not found
 Dip your injured finger in the disinfectant to soak out the poison.     把你受伤的手指浸在消毒剂里，把毒浸泡出来。
example sentence not found
 Decomposition into fragments or parts; disintegration.     分裂，分解碎片或几部分；分解
example sentence not found
 You can't copy your file with this disk; it's full.     你不能用这张磁盘拷文件，这张盘满了。
 Insert a diskette into one of your computer's disk drive, as describe on page1.     把一张软盘插入计算机的磁盘驱动器中，如第1页所述。
 If you behave like that, you'll get yourself disliked.     如果你的行为那样，你会让人厌恶的。
 He dislikes his wide nostrils.     他不喜欢自己的宽大的鼻孔。
example sentence not found
 That person is disloyal to his associates.     那人对同事不守信义。
 I know he suspect me of disloyalty, but I suppose I'll just have to brave it out.     我知道他怀疑我不忠，但是我想我不得不硬着头皮去见他。
 Dismal weather; took a dismal view of the economy.     阴沉的天气；对经济抱着不乐观的看法
 It dismayed us that the project had been canceled.     那个计划取消了，这让我们非常惊讶。
 He dismissed the unpleasant subject and talked about something else.     他不谈论这个令人不愉快的话题，而去谈论别的事情。
 The dismissals led to a strike.     雇主解雇工人导致了罢工事件。
 One have to dismount from an idea and get into saddle again at every parenthesis.     每当遇上一个括号，就叫人不得不从一种想法下马，然后再次骑上马鞍。
 Those who disobey must be punished by law.     违法分子必须受到法律惩罚。
 The room is in dreadful disorder.     房间里乱七八糟。
example sentence not found
 A messenger was dispatched to take the news to the soldiers at the front.     一名通讯员被派去给前线士兵送消息。
example sentence not found
 How can we dispel their doubt?     我们怎么才能驱散他们的疑虑呢？
 She cannot dispense with a servant.     她不能没有佣人。
 The wind dispersed the cloud from the sky.     风吹散了天上的云。
 Weeds tend to displace other plants.     杂草越来越多，有取代其他植物之势。
 Displacement of an organ or other body part to an abnormal location.     异位某一器官或其它身体部位位移到不正常的位置
 His paintings are on display at the exhibition.     他的绘画正在展览会上展出。
 No sooner had I uttered the words than I could have kicked myself, for I knew they would displease him.     那些话一出口我就懊悔不已，因为我知道那些话会使他不高兴的。
 His displeasure were off.     他的不愉快心情逐渐消失了。
 We placed everything at his disposal.     我们把一切事情都交给他处理。
 He doesn't know how to dispose of his spare time.     他不知道怎样安排业余时间。
 I disposed of my old magazines.     我把旧杂志卖了。
 The choice is no longer in their disposition.     选择权已不在他们手中了。
 His honesty is beyond dispute.     他的诚实是无可争议的。
 Disregarding all the difficulties, we arrived here in time.     尽管有那么多困难，我们仍然及时地到达了这儿。
 An accident has disrupted railway services into and out of the city.     一次交通事故使进出这座城市的铁路交通陷于混乱。
 One engaged in diversionary, disruptive, or subversive activities.     背离既定路线者；阴谋破坏者采用不同路线，进行分裂或从事破坏活动的人
 The condition or fact of being displeased; dissatisfaction.     不愉快，不满意不高兴的情况或事实；不满
 She's very dissatisfied at not getting a bonus.     她因未能获得奖金而深感不满。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The quality or condition of being unlike or dissimilar.     不同，相异性质或条件上的不相同或不一致
 The sun dissipated the mist.     太阳驱散了雾。
 The reduction in size of components and circuits for increasing package density and reducing power dissipation and signal propagation delays.     减少元件和电路的几何尺寸，以达到增加电路的封装密度、减少功耗和减小信号传播延迟的目的。
 The President announced the dissolution of Parliament.     总统宣布了议会解散。
 Ice dissolved in the warm weather.     冰在温暖的天气中溶化了。
 We can see the mountain from the distance.     我们从远处就可以看到那座山。
 My company is five miles distant from my home.     公司距离我家五英里远。
 Swollen or distended beyond normal size by fluid or gaseous material.     肿胀的液体或气体材料超过正常尺寸的肿胀或膨胀
 Tears distilled slowly from her eyes.     泪水从她的眼睛里慢慢地滴下来。
 Tears distilled slowly from her eyes.     泪水从她的眼睛里慢慢地滴下来。
 We may purge water by distillation.     我们可以用蒸馏法使水净化。
 Those two ideas are quite distinct from each other.     这两种观点截然不同。
 We should make a distinction between right and wrong.     我们应该分清是非。
 This is a distinctive room.     这是一间独具一格的房间。
 The choir was (singing) distinctly out of tune in places.     合唱团有些地方明显（唱）走调了.
 The twins were so much alike that it was impossible to distinguish one from the other.     这对孪生子像得使人无法分辨。
 I think grey hair makes you look rather distinguished.     我觉得你灰白的头发使你看上去很有尊严。
 The reporter distorted the facts.     记者们歪曲了事实。
 A distortion or twist, especially in a piece of wood.     弯曲歪曲、变形、尤指某一木头
 Don't distract my attention I'm trying to study!     别分散我的注意力--我正要学习呢!
 TV can be a welcome distraction after a hard day's work.     辛苦一天之后，看电视有时是很美的逍遣。
example sentence not found
 The lifeboat went out to a ship in distress.     救生船去救一艘遇险的船只。
 The books in the library were distributed according to subjects.     图书馆里的藏书按科目分类。
 They distributed leaflets to customers.     他们给客户散发传单。
 They could not agree about the distribution of the profits.     他们对于利润的分配意见不一致。
 I'll take some back with me to show to our distributor.     我要带一些回去给我们的经销商看看。
 This district grew cotton on a large scale.     这个地区过去大量种棉花。
 They took the phone off the hook so no calls would disturb them.     他们摘下电话听筒，以免电话打扰他们。
 Those men were charged by the police with causing a disturbance.     那些人因制造骚乱被警方控诉。
 I wouldn't think of disturbing them at this hour of the night.     我不能想象这样深更半夜去打扰他们。
example sentence not found
 The spoon has been rusty from disuse.     汤匙因弃置不用而生锈了。
 The cart overturned and precipitated us to the ditch.     车子翻了，我们被摔进了沟里。
example sentence not found
 The best thing the Administration and Congress could do for the whole economy,…, is to rein in those deficits. Yet on this vital front, all hands dither.     政府与国会处理整体经济上上之策，……在于控制赤字。然而在此一极端重要层面，大家却不能沉着应付。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He dived from the bridge and rescued the drowning child.     他从桥上跳入水中，救起溺水的孩子。
 Ned used to be a scuba diver and now he's gone to the other extreme and taken up hang gliding.     内德过去是一名深水潜水员，现在他已走到另一个极端，开始从事悬挂式滑行运动。
 The stream diverges here.     小溪在这儿分岔。
 Divergence or disagreement, as between facts or claims; difference.     矛盾，不相符不符合或不一致，如在事实和宣称之间；差异
example sentence not found
 The program deals with subjects as diverse as pop music and Beijing Opera.     节目涉及从流行音乐到京剧这样形形色色的题材。
 Chess is his favorite diversion.     象棋是他最喜欢的娱乐活动.
 A diversity lead to prosperity.     穷则变，变则通。
 They diverted the river to supply water to the town.     他们使河流改道以便向城市供水。
 Six divided by two is three.     六除以二得三。
 An expression to be divided by another; a dividend.     被除数被另一个数除的表达式；被除数
example sentence not found
 At last I divined the truth.     我终于看穿了事情的真相。
example sentence not found
 Is that a fair division of the money?     那样分款公平吗？
example sentence not found
 He divorced his wife.     他和他妻子离了婚。
 He had a sensation of dizziness.     他有一种晕眩的感觉。
 We were dizzy by the strong wind.     我们被大风刮得头晕目眩。
example sentence not found
 The firm did badly last year.     公司去年生意不好。
 The two modules docked in outer space.     两个飞行舱在外层空间对接。
 You should see a doctor.     你应该去看医生。
 The doctrine or belief that the evil in the world outweighs the good.     悲观主义认为世界上邪恶远远强于正义的主义和信念
 The history of this area is very well documented.     这个地区的历史档案保存得很好。
 It was named the best documentary of the year.     它被选为这一年最优秀的文献记录片。
 Concentrate your order with us save you money on postage, cable, freight, documentation, etc.     如集中向我公司采购，能节省您在邮递、电报、运输以及提供单证等方面的各项费用。
 He dodged past me.     他躲躲闪闪地从我旁边走过。
 Every dog has his day.     人人皆有得意时。
example sentence not found
 What do you think you are doing?     你知道你在做什么吗？
 I doled out the food to all the children.     我把食品发放给所有的孩子们。
 The child cuddled her doll (to her chest).     那孩子（怀里）抱著玩具娃娃.
 She gave the boys a dollar apiece.     她给孩子们每人一美元。
 The dolphin balanced the ball on its nose.     海豚用鼻子顶着球，使其保持平衡。
 Military history is really outside my domain.     我对军队史实在一窍不通。
 Upward pressure from underlying magma domes the surface.     地下岩浆的向上推力使地面成圆顶形。
 The newspaper provides more foreign news than domestic news.     这家报纸刊登的国外消息多于国内消息。
example sentence not found
 Only humiliations seemed left, but even here George took a long view, foreseeing as he did the eventual dominance of this country.     剩下的似乎只有羞辱，即使如此，乔治仍从长计议，预见他最终要统治这个国家。
 The right hand is dominant in most people.     大多数人的右手是优势手。
 She dominated the meeting by sheer force of character.     她单凭个人气势就镇住了会场。
 The government calls on the youth to donate their blood voluntarily.     政府号召青年义务献血。
 The donation aggregated to$10,000.     捐款合计达一万美元。
 The bray of the donkey absorbed us.     驴叫声吸引了我们。
example sentence not found
 Everyone is doomed to die.     每个人都是注定要死的。
 Diligence is often the door to success.     勤奋常会引向成功。
 It's my responsibility to lock the doors.     我负责锁门。
 She had to duck her head to get through the low doorway.     她不得不低下头才能穿过低矮的门口。
 A coed dorm; a coed pool.     男女合住的宿舍；男女联营
 He would try to awake their dormant and sluggish faculties.     这位教授应该试图唤醒他们沉睡和懒散的天赋。
 He hangs out in the school dormitory.     他住在学校的宿舍里。
 In everyday conversation, you request people to do things, not order them.     在日常会话中，你是请求别人做事，而不是命令他们。
 Take one dose of this cough syrup three times a day.     每天服三次这种止咳糖浆，每次服一剂量。
 The lake was dotted with little boats.     湖面上布满了小船。
 Is the material single width or double width?     这幅料子是单幅的还是双幅的？
example sentence not found
 I doubt the truth of it.     我怀疑此事的真实程度。
 It is doubtful whether he can read my fortune or not.     他能否算出我的运气还是个疑问。
 I shall doubtless see you tomorrow.     我大概明天会见到你。
 The way to make dough is very simple as you need only to mix flour with water.     和面的方法很简单，只要把水和在面粉里就行了。
 Glaze a doughnut; glaze pottery.     在甜甜圈上浇糖浆；给陶器上釉
 The dove is an emblem of peace.     鸽子是和平的象征。
 It gets cold quickly when the sun goes down.     太阳下山后天气很快就会冷下来。
example sentence not found
 The rescue work had been going very well until a sudden downpour loused the whole thing up.     营救工作本来一直进行得很顺利，后来突然下了一场倾盆大雨，把整个事情弄得一团糟。
 Is anyone downstairs?     有人在楼下吗？
 The logs are drifted downstream to the mill.     那些原木沿河顺水漂到工厂.
 The park is only five minutes from downtown.     这个花园离市中心只有五分钟的路程。
 A downward movement; descent.     向下的运动；下降
 He lay face downwards on his bed.     他脸向下伏在床上。
 He fell into a doze.     他打起盹儿来了。
 I had bred a dozen of chickens.     我饲养了12只小鸡。
 John was drafted into the Army last year.     约翰去年被应征入伍。
 She dragged herself out of bed, still half asleep.     她挣扎著起了床，犹自睡眼惺松。
 This jade dragon is a genuine antique.     这件玉龙是真正的古玩。
 Boil the vegetables for 20 minutes and then drain off the water.     把蔬菜煮上20分钟，然后把水沥掉。
 The city was even equipped with a drainage system, for a great many clay pipes were found beneath the narrow streets.     这座城市甚至还敷设过排水系统，因为在窄窄的街道底下发现了许多陶土制的管道。
 She has not one dram of learning.     她一点学问也没有。
 The drama of international politics interested her.     国际政治的戏剧性使她深感兴趣。
 The play is a dramatic representation of a real event.     这出话剧改编出自真人真事。
 Accounting and banking have changed dramatically in the light of recent developments in computers.     由于当今电子计算机的飞速发展，会计和银行业发生了急剧的变化。
 With his new play he has consolidated his position as the country's leading dramatist.     他有了新创作的剧本, 巩固了他在国内的杰出剧作家的地位.
 He is dramatizing the story of his life.     他把自己的一生改编成戏剧。
 Our budget needs drastic revision.     我们的预算需作重大修改。
 We have several drawn matches this year.     今年我们打和了几场比赛。
example sentence not found
 The great drawback to living near a main road is noise.     住在大街旁最大的缺点是噪音。
 Line the drawer with paper, please.     请在抽屉里铺上纸。
 In computer graphics, the simple function for drawing on the screen. Typical primitives are rectangle, line, polygon, etc.     在计算机图形学中，在荧光屏上绘图的简单程序。典型的图元是长方块、线段、多边形等。
 I dread to think what will happen if she finds out the truth.     我不敢去想她知道真相后会怎么样。
 The Jews lived in dread of being caught.     这些犹太人生活在会遭到拘捕的恐惧之中。
 His face pale as ashes, and his lips trembling, he stammered out the dreadful news.     他脸色苍白，嘴唇颤抖，结结巴巴说出了那可怕的消息。
 Their new house is a real dream.     他们的新房子真像梦一般美好。
 I'm tired of his dreary speech.     我厌倦了他的枯燥无味的演说。
 We were caught in the storm and got drenched.     我们遇上大雨全都被浇透了。
 She wears a beautiful evening dress.     她穿着一件漂亮的晚礼服。
 Dressing is difficult for her since her accident.     在她出了事故以来，穿衣服一直都很费劲。
 A tiny fishing boat was drifting slowly along.     一只小小的渔船在缓缓地漂去。
 The workman is drilling in the wall.     工人正在墙上打孔。
 Valuable deposits of oil have been found by drilling.     通过钻探发现很有开采价值的油层.
 We must drink to the health of the bride.     我们要为新娘的健康干杯。
 Moonlight dripped through the leaves.     月光透过树叶洒下来。
 He is clever but he won't succeed because he lacks drive.     他聪明是聪明，但是没有干劲，做事不会成功。
 The driver braked his car suddenly.     司机突然煞车。
 The process of driving or propelling.     推进驱使或推进的过程
 Her head drooped sadly.     她悲哀地垂着头。
 The fruit dropped down from the tree.     水果从树上掉下来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The crops failed because of the drought.     干旱造成农作物歉收。
 The little girl drowned in the river.     小女孩在河里淹死了。
example sentence not found
 Labor-saving devices have emancipated women from kitchen drudgery.     许多节省劳力的设备于妇女摆脱掉乏味的厨房杂役。
 The drug is wanted bitterly.     这药有人急着要用。
 Raymond: Yes, I just picked up some drug at the corner drugstore.     雷蒙：有，我刚刚在街角的药房买了一些药品，
 She drummed it into the children that they must not cross the road alone.     她反复地给孩子们说，他们不可以独自横过马路。
 Several drunks lay on the floor.     好几个醉汉躺在地板上。
 A drunkard is like a whisky bottle, all neck and belly and no head.     酒鬼好比威士忌瓶，全是脖子跟肚子而没脑子。
 The soil is too dry for planting.     土太干了，不能种东西。
 He bought an electric hair-dryer for Mary.     他给玛丽买了一个电吹风。
 His dual role as a composer and a conductor made him very busy.     他作曲家和指挥家的双重身份使他非常繁忙。
 Is the film dubbed or does it have subtitles?     这部影片是经过配音的还是配上字幕的？
 I feel dubious about his honesty.     我对他的诚实表示怀疑。
 The children ducked each other in the swimming pool.     孩子们在游泳池里互相把对方按入水中。
 His success is entirely due to hard work.     他的成功完全是努力工作的结果。
 The duke wrote a letter with a quill pen.     公爵用一根羽毛笔写信。
 It's impossible to cut a pineapple with such a dull knife.     用一把这么钝的刀子切菠萝是不可能的。
 The carriage that he had ordered duly arrived, and we drove off.     他叫的马车按时到，我们就坐上去走了。
 The man is as dumb as an oyster.     那人极少说话。
 A life-size full or partial representation of the human body, used for the fitting or displaying of clothes; a dummy.     人体模型如真人大小的、全身或半身的人体模型，用于量试衣服是否合适或展示服装；人体模型
 Some people just dump their rubbish in the river.     有些人径直往河里倒垃圾。
 An instance or the result of dumping stored data.     转出，转储转出内存数据的例子或结果
 He dunged his vegetable garden regularly.     他经常给他的菜园施肥。
 In the first act the curtain goes up on a dungeon in a landlord's house.     第一幕启幕时，舞台上现出了地主家里的一个地牢。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A fool or dupe.     蠢人，容易受骗的人
example sentence not found
 He gave me a duplicate key of his house.     他给了我另配了一套他房子的钥匙。
 A copy made by this method of duplication.     油印品通过这种方法印制的印刷品
example sentence not found
 One, such as a person or corporation, that makes or gives a promise, assurance, or pledge typically relating to quality, durability, or performance.     保证人一个人或一个公司，对与质量、耐用性或性能相关的方面提供担保、保证或誓约
 The durable, aromatic wood of any of these plants, especially that of the red cedar, often used to make chests.     雪松木这些植物的耐久的、带香味的木材，尤指红雪松的木材，常用于制作箱子
 Well, I'm stuck here for the duration.     哎，这段时间我只得呆在这儿了。
 The thief broke into the house during the night.     小偷在夜间破门进入住宅。
 The lights go on at dusk.     一到黄昏灯就亮了。
 Please dust all the books on the bottom shelf.     请把底层书架上的书都掸一掸。
 The dustbin is chock-full (of rubbish).     垃圾箱塞满了（垃圾）.
 My eye alighted on a dusty old book at the back of the shelf.     我偶然发现在书架後面有一本满是灰尘的旧书.
 The Dutch settled in South Africa.     荷兰人在南非殖民.
 The imposition of heavy emergency custom duties have render our position exceedingly difficult.     由于海关征收繁重的紧急关税，使得我们处于极其困难的境地。
 I'm duty bound to visit my old aunt.     我有义务去探望年老的姑妈。
 There is a dwarf apple tree in our garden.     在我们的花园里有一棵矮苹果树。
 Stop dwelling on your problems and do something about them!     别老唠叨你的那些问题，还是做些实际工作解决它们吧！
 The noise of traffic is a constant irritant to city dwellers.     车辆的噪音对城市居民是永无止境的骚扰.
 A structure serving as a dwelling for one or more persons, especially for a family.     房屋作为一个人或多个人，特别是作为一家人的住处的建筑物
 Drought has dwindled the crops.     干旱使农作物歉收。
 The wounded soldier's blood dyed the ground red.     受伤士兵的血染红了地面.
 The dying were rushed to the hospital.     垂死的人被急速送往医院。
 He has a dynamic personality.     他是个性活跃的人。
example sentence not found
 The Qing Dynasty ended in 1911.     清朝结束于1911年。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We each have our private views about it.     我们每个人对这件事都有自己的看法。
 The company is eager to expand into new markets.     那家公司急欲开辟新的市场。
 Her eagerness moved all the people.     她的热心感动了所有的人。
 The eagle dived down on the rabbit.     那只鹰向兔子猛扑下来。
 The corn will soon ear.     玉米不久就要结穗了。
 The young earl didn't allow the poor people to enter his earldom.     那个年青的伯爵不允许这些穷人进入他的领地。
 We shall find out the truth early or late.     我们迟早会查明事实真相。
example sentence not found
 How does she earn her living?     她靠什么谋生？
 The current economic slump is an earnest of the major recession to come.     当前的经济滑坡预示着一次大的衰退即将来临。
 He has spent all his earnings.     他把所有的工资都花光了。
example sentence not found
 The moon goes round the earth.     月亮绕着地球转。
 Earthenware has an advantage over wood in being more easily kept clean.     陶器的优点在于比木器更容易保持清洁。
 No earthly sovereign can do what he pleases.     没有一个世间君王可以为所欲为。
 The city was razed by an earthquake.     地震把这个城市夷为平地。
 My parents are retired and now live a life of ease.     我的父母都退休了，现在过着安闲舒适的生活。
 I can easily finish this work today.     我今天可以很轻易地把这份工作做完。
 Take the east road; it's the shortest way.     走东边这条路吧，这是最近的路。
 With the coming of Easter, winter ends and spring comes.     随着复活节的来临，冬天结束而春天来了。
 The mountain was sharply defined against the eastern sky.     那座山在东方天空的衬托下显得轮廓分明.
 The hospital is on the eastward slope of the hill.     医院在小山的东坡。
 The ship is working eastwards.     轮船在向东行驶。
 He has stopped working and leads a very easy life.     他现在不做事了，过着很舒服的日子。
 Since he left, she's been sitting at home eating her heart out.     他走了以後，她一直坐在家里，心如刀割。
 A crab was left stranded on the beach when the tide ebbed.     退潮时，一只蟹被困留在沙滩上。
 She is an eccentric old lady.     她是个古怪的老太太。
 His eccentricity had become legendary long before he died.     在他去世之前他的古怪脾气就早已闻名遐尔了。
 The room echoed with their happy laughter.     房间里回荡着他们的欢笑声。
 It was reported that there would be an annular eclipse tomorrow.     据报道说，明天有日环食。
 The function or position of an organism or a population within an ecological community.     功能，位置有机体或其数量在生态环境中的作用或地位
 Holistic medicine; holistic ecology.     全身治疗的药物；注重整体的生态学
 The economic sanctions could not prevent the development of that country.     经济制裁不能阻碍那个国家的发展。
 This is not an economical method of heating.     这不是一种经济的取暖方式。
 I dress very economically because I make all my clothes myself.     我衣着节俭，衣服都是自己做的。
 When they start talking about economics, I'm out of my depth.     他们一谈起经济学, 我就一窍不通了.
 The need to economize scarce energy resources.     节约使用稀有能源的必要性
 Most of the countries in the region have unstable economies.     这个地区大多数国家的经济都不稳定。
example sentence not found
 He listened to the music with ecstasy.     他听音乐听得入神。
 The little paper boat was caught in an eddy and spun round and round in the water.     小纸船卷进了漩涡中，在水中直打转。
 She lost a handkerchief edged with blue.     她丢了一块镶蓝边的手绢。
 This food is scarcely edible.     这种食物真是难以下咽。
 In word processing, the ability to define information so as to move it from one point to another within a text element or into another text element, or to edit it.     在字（词）处理技术中，定义信息的一种能力，以便将该信息从正文部分的一点移到另一点或移入另一个正文部分中或进行编辑。
 The editing of the manuscript is now in hand.     这部手稿的编辑工作现在已经开始。
 She is an improved edition of her mother.     她长得像她母亲但胜过她母亲。
 The editor remarked that article was well written.     编者评论说那篇文章写得很好。
 I work in an editorial office.     我在编辑部工作。
 It is not the way to educate a child by making him do things against his will.     勉强他做事不是教育孩子的办法。
 Educated; polished; refined.     有教养的；文雅的；精炼的
 He was handicapped by lack of education.     他因文化水平低而吃了亏。
 National wealth depends to a high degree on a country's educational standard.     国民财富在很大程度上取决于一个国家的教育水准。
 Canadian-born American sports educator who originated the game of basketball(1891).     奈史密斯，詹姆斯1861－1939加拿大裔美国体育教育家，他创造了篮球运动（1891年）
example sentence not found
 The taste of eel is delicious.     鳝鱼的味道很好。
 The advertising campaign didn't have much effect on sales.     这些广告攻势对销售额并没有起到多大作用。
 That's rather an effective use of color.     这种使用颜色的手法效果相当好。
 Chances of a settlement were effectively wrecked by his speech.     和解的机会事实上被他的演讲破坏了。
 Lacking vigor, force, or effectiveness; inadequate.     缺乏活力、力量或效力的；不充足的
example sentence not found
 We are testing the efficacy of a new drug.     我们正在测试新药的功效。
 Their labor efficiency is very high.     他们的工作效率很高。
 This is a highly efficient new heating system.     这是个高效的新取暖系统。
 Washing powders containing enzymes are said to remove stains more efficiently.     据说含有人造酶的洗衣粉去污力强.
 It's quite an effort to lift this heavy box.     抬起这只沉重的箱子要花费相当大的力气。
 Do you want a boiled egg for breakfast?     你早饭要吃煮鸡蛋吗？
example sentence not found
 Holding the view that the ego is the center, object, and norm of all experience.     自我中心的认为自我是所有的中心、对象和经验的标准的
 Many Pharaohs in ancient Egypt believe they can live forever.     古埃及的许多法老相信他们可以永生。
 There are many mysterious stories about the Egyptian pyramids.     关于埃及金字塔有许多神秘的故事。
example sentence not found
 I am sorry, you can only buy traveler's check at Window Eight.     对不起, 你只能在八号窗口买旅行支票。
 She dolled herself up as though she was a girl of eighteen.     她打扮得花枝招展,好像是个十八岁的姑娘似的。
 One eighth of a circle.     八分圆圆的八分之一
 Although he's over eighty his mind is still remarkably alert.     他虽已年过八十，但头脑仍然十分机敏。
 You may take either of the roads.     两条路你随便走哪一条。
 Cartridges are ejected from the gun after firing.     开枪后子弹从枪膛里弹出去。
example sentence not found
 In old China workers and peasants could hardly eke out a living, let alone send their children to school.     在旧中国，工人农民连生活都难以维持，更谈不上送子女上学了。
 The curtains had an elaborate pattern of flowers.     窗帘上绘有精美的花卉图案。
example sentence not found
 Three years have elapsed since we last met.     我们上次相见至今已过了三年.
 Several decades have elapsed since I graduated from the college.     我大学毕业已数十年了。
 He has an elastic temperament.     他有开朗的性情。
example sentence not found
 He was elated at the news.     这个消息使他很兴奋。
 You jogged my elbow and spoiled what I was drawing.     你撞到了我的手肘，弄坏了我正在画的图画。
 My elder sister had a baby last month, so I am an aunt now.     我姐姐上个月生了孩子，所以我现在是阿姨了。
 He's very active for an elderly man.     作为老年人，他是非常活跃的。
 When the duke dies, his eldest son will succeed to the title.     公爵去世之后，他的长子将继承他的爵位。
 They elected him chairman.     他们选他做主席。
 It's impossible to tell who will win the next election.     下届选举谁能获胜无法预知。
 The solar cell can convert the energy of sunlight into electric energy.     太阳能电池能把阳光的能量转化为电能。
 The difference in the electrical condition of the terminals+ and- of the dry cell which tends to make electricity flow we describe as a difference of electrical potential.     电（子）之所以流动，是因为干电池上正负两端上的电的状况有差别所致，对于这种差别，我们称之为“电位差”。
 He's neither an electrician nor a mechanic.     他既不是电工也不是技工。
 Copper conducts electricity better than other materials.     铜比其他材料导电性能好。
 They are electrifying the battery.     他们正给电池充电。
example sentence not found
 An interconnected system for the distribution of electricity or electromagnetic signals over a wide area, especially a network of high-tension cables and power stations.     输电线路一个用来在广大地区内传递电力或电磁信号的内部相联的网络，尤指由高压电线和发电站组成的网络
 The number of electron pairs an atom can share with other atoms.     共用电子对数，共价一个原子与其他原子共用的电子的对数
 The firm is Britain's main producer of electronic equipment.     该公司为英国主要的电子设备制造厂家.
 The branch of electronics that deals with miniature components.     微电子学研究微小器件的电子学分支
 Elegance of style or manner.     优雅风度或举止的优雅
 I like my clothes to be simple but elegant.     我喜欢朴素但漂亮雅致的衣服。
 You must understand the elements of mathematics before we can proceed further.     你必须先弄懂数学基础知识, 我们才能进一步学习.
 The elemental mathematics is very easy.     初等数学很简单。
 My son is studying at an elementary school.     我儿子在一家小学上学。
 The elephant lowered its ponderous body into the water.     大象把它那笨重的身躯浸入水里。
 The attempt to elevate Anderson to the presidency.     企图把安德逊抬上总统宝座。
 We climbed to the top of the small elevation, from which we could look at the town.     我们爬上小丘的顶端，由此可以俯瞰城市。
 You may push this button to call the elevator.     你可以按这个按钮叫电梯。
 A cricket team is comprised of eleven players.     一个板球队由11名队员组成。
 The president's visit was called off at the eleventh hour.     总裁的这次访问到时取消了.
 So remarkable as to elicit disbelief; fantastic.     如此特别以至让人难以相信；精彩绝伦的
 If you are eligible for a free upgrade( first90 day, extended service plan), the download number will be include.     如果你有获得免费升级的资格（首90天，扩展服务计划），下载数字会包含在通知里。
 This new process has eliminated the need for checking the products by hand.     采用这种新方法无须再用手工检验产品。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A cylindrical surface or solid all of whose sections perpendicular to the elements are elliptical.     椭圆柱与组成要素垂直的所有圆柱形表面或柱体的部分是椭圆形的柱体
 His eloquence did not avail against the facts.     他的雄辩在事实面前不起什么作用。
 He addressed the audience in an eloquent speech.     他向听众发表了雄辩的演说。
 What else could I say?     我还有什么可说的？
 Their much reviled system in fact works far better than many highly praised ones elsewhere.     他们那套遭到许多非难的设备操纵起来实际上要比别的地方许多备受赞扬的设备好得多。
 The note help to elucidate the most difficult parts of the text.     这些注释有助於弄清文中最难懂的部分。
example sentence not found
 Men like to pursue an elusive woman, like a cake of wet soap in a bathtub- even men who hate bath.     男人们喜欢追逐那些象浴缸里的湿肥皂般难以捉摸的女人，即使是讨厌洗澡的男人也无不如此。
example sentence not found
 The Emancipation Proclamation abolished slavery in the United States.     《解放黑人奴隶宣言》废除了美国的奴隶制。
 The minister has lifted the embargo on the export of firearms.     部长已经解除对火器出口的贸易禁令。
 Passengers with cars must embark first.     带汽车的乘客必须先上船.
 She was embarrassed when they asked her age.     他们问她的年龄时，她窘得很。
 The profuseness of his thanks was embarrassing.     他再三表示感谢使人很不好意思.
 He's an embarrassment to his family.     他叫家里人难堪。
 The embassy is an obvious target for terrorist attacks.     大使馆是恐怖分子攻击的明显目标。
example sentence not found
 A benign tumor, most often found in the heart, that is composed of connective tissue embedded in mucus.     粘液瘤一种良性肿瘤，最常见于心脏，它由黏液里的胶状结缔组织构成
example sentence not found
 The new car embodies many improvements.     这辆新车包含了许多改进的项目。
example sentence not found
 Vines embraced the hut.     蔓藤环绕着小屋。
 She embroiders very well.     她很会刺绣.
 This kind of floss is used for embroidery.     这种丝线用来刺绣。
 The sun emerged from behind the clouds.     太阳从云层后面露出来了。
 Ring the bell in an emergency.     情况紧急时请按铃。
 A ship full of emigrants will soon leave for Canada.     一条载满移居外国者的船很快就要开往加拿大了。
 Go back there? I'd sooner emigrate!     回去? 我宁可移居海外也不回去!
 Emigration have carry to its shore shoal of men and women.     移民使成群结队的男男女女来到了它的海岸。
 Characterized by excellence or distinction; eminent.     卓越的，杰出的以卓越或杰出为特点的；卓著的
 In cathode ray tube display, the continuation of light emission from phosphor after excitation by the electron beam.     在阴极射线管显示器中，用电子束激励后荧光物质光发射的持续现象。
 The cheese was emitting a strong smell.     干酪散发出强烈的气味。
 He appealed to our emotions rather than to our reason.     他诉诸我们的情感而非我们的理智。
 The boy got very emotional when I had to leave, and started to cry.     当我不得不离开时，这个孩子情绪异常激动，忍不住哭了起来。
 The emperor was a tyrant.     那皇帝是个暴君。
 Restraint or lack of emphasis in expression, as for rhetorical effect.     轻描淡写的陈述在表达上受限制或缺乏强调，如为了修辞作用
 Which word should I emphasize?     我应该重读哪个词?
 We win the emphatic victory.     我们赢得了那场有目共睹的胜利。
example sentence not found
 I am reading a book about the rise and fall of the Roman Empire.     我正在看一本关于罗马帝国兴衰的书。
 Employment of empirical methods, as in science.     经验方法的运用，例如在科学中
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Our company employed about one hundred people.     我们公司雇佣了大约一百人。
 The boss struck off 100 dollars from the salary of the employee as fine.     老板从这个雇员的工资里扣除100美元作为罚款。
 His servile expression of praise for his employer was disgusting to me.     他奉承雇主的那副奴颜婢膝的嘴脸令我恶心。
 He enrolled with an employment agency for a secretary.     他在职业介绍所登记要当秘书。
 It is a world of emptiness.     那是一个空虚的世界。
 They emptied the biscuits onto the plate.     他们把饼干倒在盘子里。
 I wish he'd stop holding the elder brother as an example to emulate.     我希望他不再把哥哥作为自己的学习榜样。
 The initial design development stage wherein, at first, it is certain that errors will be discovered which will require design changes. It is in this period that design aids, emulation techniques, and supportive design techniques are essential to quick design.     初始设计开发阶段，首先必须发现可能存在的错误，并作相应的设计修改。正是在这个时期中，设计辅助程序、仿真技术和设计支援技术对于快速设计都是必不可少的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I gave him full directions to enable him to find the house.     我向他作了详细说明, 好让他能找到那房子.
 Their help enabled me to finish the work with ease.     他们帮助我，使我能够顺利地完成工作。
 The chairman's short statement encapsulates the views of the committee.     主席的简短陈辞概括了委员会的观点.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Enchanting as if with a magic spell; fascinating.     令人心醉的使如同有魔咒般迷住的；迷人的
example sentence not found
 The lake is encircled by trees.     湖被树木环绕。
 I enclose herewith two copies of the contract.     随函寄上合同副本两份。
 She keeps a horse in that enclosure.     她在那个围栏里养了一匹马。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I encountered an old friend at Rome.     我在罗马邂逅了一个老朋友。
 High prices for farm products encouraged farming.     农产品价格的提高有助于农业。
 The students shout encouragement in that game.     那场比赛中，学生们大声鼓劲。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I have a set of encyclopaedia of music.     我有一套音乐百科全书。
 This encyclopedia is truly a compendium of knowledge.     这部百科全书真正是知识宝库.
 They ended the party off with a song.     他们唱支歌结束了晚会。
 He took over the post in the knowledge that it might endanger his life.     他在明知他的性命有可能受到威胁的情况下接任了那职位。
 Please make every endeavor to be early.     请尽量早点儿。
 On account of your health, you must endeavour to shift off the care of your children.     由于你身体不好，你必须尽量避免为孩子们操心。
 His ending was peaceful.     他很安详地去世。
 His endless talking hinders me from my study.     他没完没了的谈话妨碍了我的学习。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I am afraid I can't endorse your opinion.     很抱歉，我不赞成你的意见。
example sentence not found
 After the endorsement of his home state the candidate campaign in the neighboring state.     得到了本州的支持後，这个竞选者就到邻州游说去了。
 She both built and endowed the hospital.     她不仅建了医院还给医院捐赠资金。
example sentence not found
 The face it being out of a job has put the wind up me properly. I've not been able to save with two children; it's like the end of the world.     事实是因为失了业，使我害伯起来，因为有两个孩子，我一点也没有积蓄，真像到了世界末日
 The soldiers eventually completed the endurance tests.     士兵们最终完成了耐力测验。
 I cannot endure listening to that any longer.     我再也不耐烦听那一套了。
 This defeat was a powerful blow to the enemy.     这次失败是对敌人的有力的打击。
 I like to take some energetic exercise at weekend.     我喜欢在周末做些剧烈运动。
 The solar cell can convert the energy of sunlight into electric energy.     太阳能电池能把阳光的能量转化为电能。
 Policemen and judges enforce the law.     警察与法官执行法律。
 Jack and Anne are engaged.     杰克和安妮订婚了。
 Jack and Anne are engaged.     杰克和安妮订婚了。
 He had only enough money to meet his engagements.     他的钱仅够付合同款。
 He lost one of the pieces of his model engine.     他的火车头模型缺了一个零件.
 Although many people opposed his plan, he engineered it through to final approval.     虽然很多人反对他的计划，他仍能巧妙地设法使它最后获得通过。
 He was trained as an engineer/in engineering.     他受过担任工程师的[工程学方面的]培训.
 In England traffic must keep to the left.     在英国，车辆必须靠左行驶。
 Have you brought your English book with you?     你带英语书了吗？
 If he wins and it's a big if he'll be the first Englishman to win for twenty years.     假使他赢了－－是否能赢还是一大疑问－－他将是二十年来第一个获胜的英国人。
 His memorial was engraved on the stone.     纪念他的碑文刻在石碑上。
 A painting or an engraving set in an oval or circular frame.     圆形浮雕镶嵌于椭圆形或圆形框架中之绘画或雕刻
 She was engrossed in painting.     她全神贯注于绘画。
 If an earthquake were to engulf England tomorrow, the English would manage to meet and dine somewhere among the rubbish, just to celebrate the event.     假使明天会有一场地震席卷英国，英国人也会设法在颓垣败瓦中找个地方见面饮宴来庆祝这件大事的吧。
 He made many efforts to enhance his reputation.     他做了许多努力来提高他的声誉。
example sentence not found
 Now that I am free, I can enjoy music for a while.     既然有空，我可以享受一下音乐。
 The hotel staff spared no pains to ensure that our stay was as enjoyable as possible.     旅馆工作人员对我们照顾得无微不至，尽量让我们住得舒适，
 Enjoyment of vigorous health and physical drives.     动物特性对强健的身体及活跃的身体机能的享受
 I planned to enlarge this photograph.     我计划放大这张照片。
 The enlargement brings out the details in the photograph.     照片放大後细微之处都很清楚.
 She was anxious to enlighten me about the events that led up to the dispute.     她急着要使我明白引起这场争执的那些事情。
 She was anxious to enlighten me about the events that led up to the dispute.     她急着要使我明白引起这场争执的那些事情。
 Of enormous size or magnitude; huge.     巨大的，庞大的规模巨大或大得出奇的；巨大的
 I've had enough of her continual chatter.     我已厌烦了她喋喋不休的闲谈。
 For sale: small motor scooter. Enquire within.     待售：小型摩托车，请进内询问。
 I am sorry, I am not able to help you with your enquiry.     对不起，我无法帮助回答您的询问。
 The library was enriched with new books.     购买新书使图书馆得到了充实。
 He enrolled our names.     他把我们的名字登记下来了。
 He enrolled with an employment agency for a secretary.     他在职业介绍所登记要当秘书。
 The principal part in a duet or ensemble composition.     第一声部合（重）奏或合（重）唱中最主要的部分
 The evils ensue from lack of a stable government.     这些弊病是由于缺乏一个稳定的政府而引起的。
 If you want to ensure that you catch the plane, take a taxi.     你要想确保能赶上那班飞机，就坐出租车去吧。
 He would have sold the property long ago had it not been entailed.     这些财产若非限定继承的话, 他早就卖掉了.
 How did Mary manage to entangle her hair so badly in the brambles?     玛丽的头发缠紧在荆棘上了，她是怎么搞的？
 Let's not enter into details at this stage.     咱们不要在现阶段著手处理具体问题。
 He works in a private enterprise.     他在一家私人企业工作。
 The child entertained himself with his building blocks.     孩子在搭积木玩。
 He fell into the water, much to the entertainment of the onlookers.     他跌进水中，旁观者大乐。
 He expressed infectious enthusiasm to his voters.     他对他的选民表现出很有感染力的热情。
 A hockey enthusiast.     曲棍球热衷者
 None of the enthusiastic volunteers realized that they would die like dogs in the trenches of the Somme.     满腔热情的志愿军都没有认识到，他们会在萨默壕沟中悲惨地死去。
 The flames devoured the entire building.     火焰吞没了整栋大楼。
 I entirely agree with you.     我完全同意你的看法。
 The entirety of media and agencies that collect, publish, transmit, or broadcast the news.     新闻界收集，出版，传播或播送新闻的媒体和机构的总称
 She read a poem entitled The Apple Tree'.     她读了一首题为《苹果树》的诗.
 The inland part of a political or geographic entity.     内陆一个政治或地理实体的内陆部分
 The children watched entranced as the circus animals performed.     马戏团的动物们表演时，孩子们都看得入神。
 He entreated her not to be angry.     他恳求她不要发怒。
 An unsuccessful entrepreneur.     一个不成功的企业家
example sentence not found
 He's entrusted his children to my care for a day.     他托我照看一天孩子。
 This dictionary has over 30000 entries.     这本字典有3 万多词条。
 The teacher enumerated many examples to us for understanding.     为了我们理解，老师列举了很多事例。
example sentence not found
 The building was soon enveloped in flames.     那幢建筑物很快就陷入了火海之中。
 The envelope was firmly sealed.     这个信封封得很严实。
 Aged people are always envious of young people's energy.     上年纪的人总羡慕年轻人的精力。
example sentence not found
 The convocation about environment will be held on next Monday.     有关环境的会议将在下周一举行。
 On the issue of industrial pollution, the environmental activist plead with the government not to soft-pedal.     自然环境保护活动分子请求政府不要对工业污染问题采取低调态度。
 I can't envisage the plan('s) working.     我无法设想计划能否行得通.
 He was filled with envy at my success.     他对我的成功满怀羡慕。
 A substance, especially an enzyme, that initiates or modifies the rate of a chemical reaction in a living body; a biochemical catalyst.     生物催化剂能在活的体内产生化学反应或改变生物体内化学反应速度的物质，尤指酶；生物化学催化剂
example sentence not found
 Perhaps the least prepossessing quality of Fox was that he cares too much about the ephemeral in politics: and Ford displays excessive zeal, to my mind, in teasing out these cares to the last twist and turn.     也许福克斯最不逗人喜欢的一点就是他把短促的政治生命看得过于重了。而在我看来，福特在诱使福克斯说出他的这些关心时显得过分热情，手法千奇百怪，使尽了手段。
 There has recently been an epidemic of crime in our major cities.     近来我们一些大城市中罪案频繁。
 An actor in Elizabethan drama who recites the prologue and epilogue to a play and sometimes comments on the action.     解说员在伊丽莎白戏剧中朗诵序言和尾声以及有时关于演出评论的演员
 The episode of this film sounds good.     这部电影的插曲很好听。
example sentence not found
 The teaching method marked a now epoch in education.     这种教学方法标志着教育的新时代。
example sentence not found
 He feels that they are his equals.     他觉得他们和他地位相等。
 The country's constitution embodies the ideals of freedom and equality.     这个国家的宪法体现了自由和平等的理想。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They shared the work equally between them.     他们把工作平分了。
 What does x represent in this equation?     这个方程式中的x代表什麽?
 The angular distance north or south of the earth's equator, measured in degrees along a meridian, as on a map or globe.     纬度地球赤道北或南的角距离，例如在地图或地球仪上沿着子午线用度数测量
 An influence or force tending to produce equilibrium; counterpoise.     平衡力趋向于产生平衡的影响或力量；平衡、均衡
 He is equipped with much experience in teaching.     他具有丰富的教学经验。
 The equipment must be bought from a supplier approved by the company.     设备必须从公司认可的供应商那里购买。
example sentence not found
 Robert Hood, president of McDonnell Douglas's Douglas Aircraft Co., told reporters today that his company would soon reach an agreement with the Taiwan Aerospace Corp. about the equity sale of$2 billion. The Taiwan company confirmed last week that the deal was in the works.     麦克唐纳・道格拉斯公司所属首格拉斯飞机公司总裁胡德今天告诉记者说，该公司与台翔公司将于短期内达成出售20亿美元股份的协议。台湾公司上周已证实项交易正在筹划中。
example sentence not found
 Changing his job like that is equivalent to giving him the sack.     那样调换他的工作等于是解雇了他。
 Having a grammatical structure that allows of two interpretations; equivocal.     歧义的，模棱两可的一种语法结构可以有两种解释的；模棱两可的
 An equivocation; a quibble.     遁辞模棱两可的话；遁辞
 It's an era of the miniskirt in the seventies.     七十年代是超短裙时代。
 Smallpox has almost been eradicated.     天花几乎已经被消灭了。
example sentence not found
 He erases pencil marks.     他擦去铅笔的痕迹。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They erected their tent at the foot of the mountain.     他们在山脚下支起了帐篷。
 She calls the new opera house that hideous erection.     她把新歌剧院叫作 “那讨厌的庞然大物”。
example sentence not found
 They had to face the steady erosion of the president's credibility.     他们不得不面对总统的威信日渐丧失的局面。
 She erred in failing to meet him in person.     她错在没有亲自与他见面。
 I'll go there to do an errand.     我将去那里办件事。
 Deliveries of goods are erratic.     不按规定送货.
example sentence not found
 We should not be infected by erroneous ideas.     我们不应该受错误观念的影响。
 There are several errors in the input.     输入中有好几处错误。
 The demonstration erupted into violence.     示威游行中突然出现了武斗.
 The hostilities will be on eruption.     战事即将爆发。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The prisoner has escaped.     犯人逃走了。
 The troop ship was escorted by two warships.     运兵船由两艘军舰护航。
example sentence not found
 Some words are really too esoteric for this dictionary.     有些单词实在太生僻了，未收入本词典内。
 Give my regards to Mary, John and by especial to Grandpa.     代我向玛丽、约翰，尤其向爷爷问好。
 I love the country, especially in spring.     我喜欢这乡村，尤其是在春天。
 She made her first essays at cooking.     她初次尝试做菜。
 Some people have suggested that Proust is not a novelist at all, but an essayist.     有些人提出，普鲁斯特根本不是小说家，而是散文作家。
 Caution is the essence of that man's character.     谨慎是那人性格的本质。
 Her most essential quality is kindness.     她最主要的品质是善良。
 He's essentially a very generous man.     他本质上是个十分慷慨的人。
 His second novel established his fame as a writer.     他的第二部小说确立了他作家之名。
 We've established his innocence/(the fact) that he's innocent.     我们已证实他无罪.
 The establishment of that school took five years.     兴建那所学校花了五年的时间。
 He has a beautiful estate near London.     他在离伦敦不远处有一个美丽的庄园。
 We esteem him to be worthy of trust.     我们认为他值得信任。
example sentence not found
 He is highly estimated among his colleagues.     他在同事中受到的评价很高。
 She' s certainly gone up in my estimation since she told the boss what she thought of him.     她对老板讲了自己对他的看法后，我就更加尊敬她了。
 The bad man will suffer eternal damnation.     坏人将会受到永远的惩罚。
 The merciful magic of ether was not used that day, so the poor soul had to bear their pain as best they may.     那天，由于没有使用能够魔术般解除疼痛的乙醚，那些可怜的人得尽量忍受他们的痛苦。
example sentence not found
 Ethnic enclaves in a large city.     被围于大城市之中的少数民族
example sentence not found
 Let us avoid the etiquette.     让我们免除礼节。
 At its zenith the Roman Empire covered almost the whole of Europe.     罗马帝国在全盛时期几乎占据了整个欧洲。
 She is the only European in the class.     她是班上唯一的欧洲人。
 The soldiers evacuated the area as the enemy advanced.     敌军推进时, 士兵都撤出了那地区.
 Genius is the capacity of evade hard work.     天才是避免苦干的能力。
 The school has only been open for six months, so it's too early to evaluate its success.     这所学校开办还不过六个月，所以要对它的成绩作出评价为时尚早。
 The opinion derived from such an evaluation.     诊断结果由这种评价取得的结论
 Heat evaporates water into steam.     水受热变成水蒸汽。
 The lateral or downward movement of dissolved or suspended material within soil when rainfall exceeds evaporation.     淋溶作用当降雨量超过蒸发量时，土壤中溶解或悬浮物的向侧面或向下的运动
 Skill in evasion or deception; guile.     狡诈逃避或欺骗的技巧；诡计
 Preparing for the Christmas Eve feast makes me at my wit's end.     筹办圣诞宴会简直使我智穷才竭。
 He won the first game and I won the second, so now we are even.     他赢了第一局，我赢了第二局，所以我们现在打平。
 The evening sky flamed with red and orange.     傍晚天空的颜色是一片火红和橘黄相间。
 Spread a bit of this cream on your face and rub evenly for a while. It can smooth away wrinkles if you persist.     取本面霜少许搽于脸部，并均匀地按摩片刻，长期使用本品能消除皱纹。
 This article discussed the events that led to her suicide.     这篇文章讨论了导致她自杀的一系列事件。
 It is an eventful year.     这是一个有很多大事的一年。
 History chronicles important events of the past.     历史记载历代重要的事件。
 The road became narrower and rougher and eventually petered out.     这条路越来越窄，越来越难走，最后终于消失了。
 What ever are you doing?     你究竟在干什么？
 I love these evergreen tunes.     我喜欢这些经久不衰的老曲子。
 His brave deeds in the battle earned him everlasting glory.     他在那场战斗中的英勇事迹为他赢得了永恒的荣誉。
 He has read every book on the shelves.     书架上所有的书他都读过了。
 It's impossible to remember everybody's name.     把每个人的名字都记住是不可能的。
 He does twenty push-ups everyday.     他每天做20个伏卧撑。
 Not everyone likes this book.     并不是每个人都喜欢这本书。
 Everything is ready now for the party.     宴会的准备工作现在都已就绪。
 I was looking everywhere for Jenny.     我到处找詹妮。
 The tenant was evicted for non-payment of rent.     这个房客因为没有交房租而被赶出去了。
 There wasn't enough evidence to prove his guilt.     没有充分的证据能证明他有罪。
 The purpose may not be immediately evident.     这种目的不一定显而易见。
 The owner evidently thought his duties ended with collecting the rents and every dwelling we visited told the same story of neglect.     这位房东显然认为他的责任只不过是收房租而已。我们看过的每一个住宅的情况也证实了这种失职的态度。
 His behavior showed he was an evil person.     他的行为表明他是一个邪恶的人。
 Songs that evoke old memories.     唤起往日回忆的歌曲
 Our political institutions are in continuous evolution.     我们的政治制度正在不断发展中.
 Correspondence between parts or organs arising from evolutionary convergence.     异体同功由进化趋同而产生的部分或器官之间的对应现象
 Many Victorians were shocked by the notion that Man had evolved from lower forms of life.     在维多利亚时代, 许多人对於人是由低级生物进化而来的见解大为震惊.
 A stock price ex dividend.     不包括股息的股票价格
 Her mother's interference exacerbated the difficulties in their marriage.     她母亲从中干预使他们的婚姻雪上加霜.
 I don't know the exact terms of the contract.     我不知道合同的正确条款。
 Their answers are exactly the same.     他们的回答完全一样。
 He has an exaggerated idea of his own importance.     他自视过高。
 He has an exaggerated idea of his own importance.     他自视过高。
 The selected truths, exaggerations, and lies of wartime propaganda.     被选择出来的事实、夸张以及战时宣传的谎言
 All the people of whom you and I are the rag-tag and bobtail, all the camp followers of western civilization, we have taken it for granted that even if we did not live up to those exalted ethical standards, we did a great deal better than anyone else.     我们所有的人，包括你和我这样的下层平民，以及所有西方文明的依附者都认为，即使我们尚未达到那些崇高的道德标准，我们也还是是比别的任何人都干得好得多。
 He was exalted to the position of general manager.     他被提升到总经理的职位。
 He studied hard, and in consequence he passed the exam.     他努力学习，因此通过了考试。
 I will take an examination tomorrow.     明天我将参加一场考试。
 The policeman who was sent down to examine, says me house has been broken open on the most scientific principles.     派来调查的警察说，我家的大门是根据极其合乎科学的原理给撬开来的。
 This church is a classic example of medieval architecture.     这座教堂是中世纪建筑风格的典型实例。
 That child exasperates me.     那孩子真让我生气。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His knowledge of history exceeds mine.     他的历史知识超过我。
 My teacher asked me to answer an exceedingly difficult question.     老师让我回答一个非常难的问题。
 He excels in painting.     他擅长绘画。
 The firm is a byword for excellence.     这家商号是优质的保证.
 Your examination results are excellent.     你的考试成绩优异。
 They all went to sleep except me.     除我之外，他们都去睡觉了。
 He took great exception to what I said.     他极力反对我的话。
 We've enjoyed an exceptional run of fine weather recently.     我们这里最近天气好极了.
 A closely linked series, especially of excerpted writings or commentaries.     连锁系列紧密相接的系列，尤指节录作品或评论
 Usury is interest in excess of a legal rate.     高利贷是指超过法定利率取息。
 I consider the excessive smoking and drinking tend to cloud the brain.     我认为过多的抽烟和过量的酗酒，会使人的头脑迟钝。
 We exchanged our opinions about the event at the meeting.     在会上，我们就此事交换了意见。
 A commodity, such as gold, or an officially issued coin or paper note that is legally established as an exchangeable equivalent of all other commodities, such as goods and services, and is used as a measure of their comparative values on the market.     钱，货币，纸币一种商品，如金子或官方发行的铸币或纸币，把这种货币或纸币定为可与其他一切商品、如货物和服务的等价交换物，并用作市场交换价值的尺度
 The surgeon excised the lump from her breast.     外科医生切除了她乳房的肿块.
 The surgical excision of one or both of the adrenal glands.     肾上腺切除术一个或一对肾上腺的外科切除手术
 Your remark excited him to jealousy.     你的话引起了他的嫉妒。
 I was so excited to see snow that I was indifferent to the cold.     我看到雪激动得连寒冷都不在乎了。
 The boys were running in excitement.     男孩们兴奋地跑来跑去。
 That is an exciting game.     那是一场令人兴奋的比赛。
 She exclaimed at the beautiful view.     她对这美丽的景色感到惊奇。
 My sainted aunt! ie as an exclamation expressing surprise.     我的妈呀! （表示惊讶的用语）.
 No one was excluded from sentry duty.     人人都得站岗放哨。
 He spends his spare time gardening, to the exclusion of all other interests.     他把空余时间都用在园艺上了，没有任何其他爱好。
 Dictionary-making has not been his exclusive employment.     编字典一直都不是他唯一的工作。
 This room is exclusively for women.     这个房间是供妇女专用的。
example sentence not found
 A piece of excrement.     屎蛋，粪一块排泄物
example sentence not found
 The excretory opening of the digestive tract in animals such as birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish.     肛门鸟、爬行动物、两栖动物以及鱼等动物的消化道的排泄口
 The excursion was the high spot of our holiday.     我们那个假日的最大乐趣是远足。
 His excuse for being late was that he had missed the train.     他迟到的理由是没有赶上火车。
example sentence not found
 Congress makes the laws; the President executes them.     国会制定法律，总统执行法律。
 The artillery did great execution.     这种大炮的威力很大。
 He is a man of great executive ability.     他是个具有极高管理才能的人。
 The executor shared out the estate.     遗嘱执行人把遗产分给各人。
 The recent oil price rises exemplify the difficulties which the motor industry is now facing.     最近的石油涨价是汽车工业正面临的困难的一个例子。
 These houses are exempt from paying rates.     这些房子是免付捐税的。
 The document containing this exemption.     特许状包含这种特许的文件
 If you don't get more exercise, you'll get fat.     如果你不多作运动，就会发胖。
example sentence not found
 He exerted all his influence to make them accept his plan.     他用尽一切影响力使他们接受他的计划。
 Physical or mental exertion, especially when difficult or exhausting; work.     劳动体力或脑力的运用，尤指出现困难或精疲力尽时；工作
 He lit his cigar and exhaled smoke.     他点燃雪茄，然后吐出烟雾。
 The exhaust pipe shot sparks.     排气管中射出了火星。
 The tail exhaust pipe of the motor vehicle emitted poisonous smoke.     机动车的尾部排气管排出有毒的浓烟。
 He is in a state of exhaustion.     他在疲惫状态中。
example sentence not found
 She exhibited great powers of endurance during the climb.     她在攀登过程中表现出极大的耐力。
 People at the party were embarrassed when Frank got drunk and made an exhibition of himself.     弗兰克喝醉了，出尽洋相，使参加聚会的人很难为情。
example sentence not found
 He often exhorts Mary to work harder.     他经常勉励玛丽要更加努力工作。
 The king was sent into exile.     国王遭到放逐。
 Man cannot exist without air.     没有空气人就不能生存。
 The family lived a precarious existence.     这家人过着朝不保夕的生活。
 In computer security, any weakness or flaw existing in a system, the susceptibility of a system to a specific threat attack or harmful event, or the opportunity available to a threat agent to mount that attack.     在计算机安全学中，存在于一个系统内的弱点或缺陷，系统对一个特定的威胁攻击或危险事件的敏感性，或进行攻击的威胁作用的可能性。
 There are four emergency exits in the department store.     这家百货公司有四个紧急出口。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Exotic tropical plants in a greenhouse.     温室里引进的热带植物
 Our foreign trade has expanded during recent years.     近年来我们的对外贸易有所扩大。
example sentence not found
 The project was predicated on the assumption that the economy was expanding.     这一计划是以经济发展的设想为依据的.
example sentence not found
 This book is an expansion of the play he wrote before.     这本书是他以前写的剧本的扩充。
 I will do what is expected of me.     我会尽本分的。
 A quiver of expectancy ran through the audience.     全场引颈以待, 群情鼎沸.
 She ate a light lunch in expectation of a good dinner.     她午饭吃得很少，期待晚饭时饱餐一顿。
example sentence not found
 As he had forgot his keys, he got into the house by the simple expedient of climbing through the window.     他由于忘了带钥匙，便以简单的应急办法从窗户爬进屋里。
 Shipment is ready, expedite credit.     船已装完，请速开信用证。
 They planned to organize a scientific expedition.     他们计划组织一次科学考察。
 The bullet was expelled from the gun.     子弹从枪中射出。
 The soldiers expended all their ammunition in that fight.     士兵在那场战斗中用尽了所有的弹药。
 Limit your expenditure to what is essential.     你要把开销限制在必要的范围内。
 He finished the job at the expenses of his health.     他以牺牲健康完成了这项工作。
 Could you detail all your expenses on this form?     请把你的各项开支列在这张表格上，好吗？
 The manufacture of these small components is expensive.     制造这些小部件是非常昂贵的。
 We learn from the past, experience the present and hope for success in the future.     我们从过去中学习，体验现在，展望未来的成功。
 Only experienced pilots fly large passenger aircraft.     只有有经验的飞行员才能驾驶大型客机。
 Small businesses are anxious to experiment with computers.     小型企业都急于试用计算机。
 In experimental plots the yield has been doubled.     在试验田里，产量已（被）提高了一倍。
 A room or building equipped for scientific experimentation or research.     实验室用于科学实验或研究的房屋或建筑
 He is an well-known expert in finance.     他是知名的金融专家。
 But the areas of our mutual cooperation continue to expand. We have already agreed to cooperate more closely in trade, technology, investment, and exchanges of scientific and managerial expertise.     但是我们彼此合作的领域还在不断增加。我们已经商定在贸易、技术、投资以及科学与管理专门知识的交流等方面更密切地合作。
 When is the expiration of your driving license?     你的驾驶执照何时到期？
 Our current contract is about to expire, and we'll need to discuss a new one.     欧文们现有合同快要期满了，需要再谈一个新合同。
example sentence not found
 The lawyer explained the new law to us.     律师向我们解释了新法律。
 What did he say in explanation of his stupid behavior?     他说了什么来解释他那愚蠢的行为？
 Serving to explain; explanatory.     作解释用的；说明的
 `Damn!' is an expletive.     ｀该死!＇是咒骂语.
 She was quite explicit about why she left.     她对自己离去的原因直言不讳.
example sentence not found
 The firework exploded in his hand.     那个爆竹在他手里响了。
 Television advertisers can exploit a captive audience.     电视广告商能利用被动观众.
 Exploitation of unwary consumers.     对粗心消费者的不当利用
 It is true during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature.     确实在探险中，他们经常面临着各种最有危险性的艰难和险阻。
 He had an itch to get away and explore.     他等不及要动身去探险。
 Christopher Columbus was one of the great explorers.     克里斯托弗・哥伦布是伟大的探险家。
 The explosion was heard a mile away.     那爆炸声一英里外也可以听到。
 Politics can be an explosive subject.     政治问题容易引起争论。
 French painter who was a leading exponent and theorist of the cubist movement.     布拉克，乔治斯1882－1963法国画家，是立体派的主要倡导者和理论家
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Africa is exporting beef to Europe.     非洲向欧洲出口牛肉。
example sentence not found
 Our exporters proudly kept the flag flying at the international trade exhibition.     在国际贸易展览会上，我国的出口商为国争光。
 You shouldn't expose the soldiers to unnecessary risks.     你不应该让士兵们冒不必要的危险。
 He made an exposition of the advantages of nuclear power.     他对核动力的优越性做了阐述。
 How many exposures have you left?     还剩多少底片没有照？
 She is the express image of her mother.     她和她母亲长得一模一样。
 There was an expression of discontent on her face.     她脸上有不满的表情。
 It's an expressive piece of music.     这是一首抒情乐曲。
 I told you expressly to lock the door, but you didn't follow me.     ＂我明白地对你说过要锁上门，但你没有听我的话。＂
 The expressway mars the beauty of the countryside.     这条高速公路破坏了农村的田园美景。
 After his expulsion from the cabinet the minister became the subject of a smear campaign. It seems the media and the public alike take pleasure in hitting a man when he's down.     自从被赶出内阁，这位部长便成了造遥中伤活动的目标，似乎宣传工具及公众舆论都同意喜欢使人雪上加霜。
example sentence not found
 The girl came up with a set of exquisite stamps.     那姑娘拿出一套精美的邮票。
 My garden extends as far as the river.     我的花园一直伸展到河边。
example sentence not found
 She has an extension in the kitchen and in the bedroom.     她的厨房和卧室都有电话分机。
 The teacher had both extensive knowledge and profound scholarship.     先生的学问博大精深。
 Around here apple trees began to be planted extensively in1953.     1953年这一带开始大规模种植苹果树。
 From the roof we were able to see the full extent of the park.     从屋顶上我们能看到公园的全景。
 Some artists only paint exteriors.     有些画家只画户外景象。
example sentence not found
 All his injuries are external.     他受的伤都是外伤。
 An extinct volcano.     一座死火山
 The race was threatened with extinction.     这个种族这时眼看要灭绝了。
 Nothing could extinguish his faith in human nature.     没有什么能使他丧失对人性的信心。
 An unwarranted fee, such as one extorted from a new prisoner by a jailer.     勒索的金钱一笔不正当的费用，如看守向新囚犯勒索
 This dress is of extra fine quality.     这件衣服的质地特别好。
 I had extracted a detailed account from him.     我从他那里打听出了详情。
 The refuse of sugar cane after extraction of the juice.     甘蔗渣在汁液被榨完以后剩下的甘蔗废料
 Remarkable or extraordinary; wonderful.     奇异的不寻常的或特别的；奇妙的
 My father rather gave me snuff about my extravagance, but I was prepared for that.     我父亲对我的铺张浪费大加谴责，不过我早就有了思想准备。
 Don't be so extravagant; spend your money more carefully.     不要如此挥霍；花钱要更小心。
 She's been generous in the extreme.     她一直非常慷慨。
 The cavalry is extremely majestic-looking.     这支骑兵部队非常威风凛凛。
 Extremes are dangerous.     【谚】凡事走向极端是危险的。
 Either extremity of the main axis of a nucleus, a cell, or an organism.     卵细胞的极细胞核、细胞或有机体的主轴两端的任一端
 Characterized by coarse humor, exuberant learning, or bold caricature.     文笔粗鄙幽默与讽刺的带有粗野幽默、丰富学识或辛辣讽刺的特征的
 He is blind in one eye.     他一只眼睛失明。
 We must discuss the situation eyeball to eyeball.     我们要面对面的研究一下这种情况。
 The arch of a raised eyebrow.     呈拱形的扬起的眉毛
 The old man wore an eyeglass attached to a piece of ribbon.     那老人戴著单片眼镜，上面连结著一条丝带。
 We use our eyelids to blink so as to clean our eyes.     我们利用眼睑眨眼来清洁眼睛。
 The cat's eyes glowed in the darkness.     猫的眼睛在黑暗中发亮。
 Poor eyesight will exempt you from military service.     视力不佳将使你免服兵役。
 Children, gather round, and Miss Alice will tell you a fable.     ＂孩子们，大家聚拢点，爱丽丝小姐给你们讲个寓言故事。＂
 The whole fabric of the society was changed by the war.     战争改变了整个社会结构。
example sentence not found
 Her story was nothing but a series of fabrications.     她说的完全都是编造的.
 The little boy's performance is fabulous.     那个小孩的表演真是精彩。
 The sun was shining in our faces.     太阳光直射在我们脸上。
 A flat facet cut across the top of a precious stone.     切平面在一颗宝石的顶部切出的平面
 She is having a facial massage.     她正做脸部按摩。
 A device, such as a saw, used to perform or facilitate manual or mechanical work.     器具，工具用来进行或促进手工或机械工作的器具，例如锯子
 The computerized phone has a callback facility.     计算机化的电话有回叫装置。
 A fraudulent imitation or facsimile.     摹本诈骗性的模仿或摹真本
 He doesn't mind. In fact, he is even pleased.     他不介意，事实上，他甚至很高兴。
 A member of a small governing faction.     寡头政治集团成员一个小的统治集团的成员
 The determinate factor of our economy is to control inflation.     我们经济的决定性因素是控制通货膨胀。
example sentence not found
 The committee's support is an important factor in the success of the project.     委员会的支持是该项目取得成功的一个重要因素。
 The factory has built up reserve fund.     这个工厂已积累了后备基金。
 There will be a meeting for the English faculty this afternoon.     今天下午英语系的教职员工要开个会。
 Flowers soon faded when they have been cut.     花剪下后很快就会枯萎。
 Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit (32 F) or zero/ nought degrees Celsius (0 C).     水结成冰的温度是32华氏度（32　）或零摄氏度（0℃）.
 I fail to see why you find it so amusing.     我不明白你们为什么对这件事感到如此好笑。
 Failing instructions I did what I thought was best.     没有任何指示，我只能按我认为最好的方法去做了。
 I shall have another chance in the event of failure.     如果失败，我还有另一个机会。
 I heard a faint sound in the distance.     我听到远处有个微弱的声音。
 We participated in the spring fair.     我们参加了春季展览会。
 I felt I hadn't been treated fairly.     我觉得我没有受到公正的对待。
 There are many stories about the nymphs in Roman fairy tales.     罗马神话中有许多关于仙女的故事。
 He has great talent, but he has lost his faith.     他很有天赋，但是他已经丧失了信心。
 The dog remained faithful to his master.     这条狗始终忠于它的主人。
 The old nurse have serve the family faithfully for thirty years.     老保姆为这个家庭忠实地服务了三十年。
 He looked like a postman but he was really a fake.     他看上去像个邮递员, 但实际上是假冒的.
 Six tigers fell to his rifle.     他用步枪射倒了六只老虎。
 The old illustrator never let his pupils fall for the pathetic fallacy, that empty barrels are lonely.     这位年老的插图画家从不让他的学生受到万物有情谬想的感染，认为空桶是孤独的。
example sentence not found
 Everybody is fallible.     人人都难免有错。
 They lulled me into a false sense of security.     他们哄骗我，让我产生了一种虚假的安全感。
 The business faltered and then failed.     商行生意衰退，最后倒闭了。
 She won her overnight fame by her first novel.     她的第一部小说一问世，便使她一举成名。
 He looks so familiar but I can't remember his name.     他看上去非常面熟，但我想不起他的名字来了。
 His familiarity with the local languages surprised me.     他对当地语言如此精通令我吃惊。
 The first repetition drill serves to familiarize the students with the sounds in the dialogue.     第一部分的背诵练习是为了使学生熟悉一下对话的语调。
 There are five people in my family.     我家里有五口人。
 We are collecting money for the famine victim.     我们在为遭受饥荒的灾民募捐。
 New York is famous for its skyscrapers.     纽约以其摩天大楼著称。
 My boss is a football fan.     我的上司是一位足球迷。
 She's fanatic about pop music.     她对流行音乐很狂热。
 The painting took his fancy, so he bought it.     这幅画被他看中了，所以他就把他买了下来。
 My daughter likes to describe her fantastic dreams to me.     我女儿喜欢给我讲她那些奇怪的梦。
example sentence not found
 The young always live in a world of fantasy.     年轻人总是生活在幻想中。
 We walked far into the woods.     我们步行深入林中。
 I reminded her how much the fare was.     我提醒她车票的价钱.
 It's time to say our farewells.     是我们该告辞的时候了。
 My friend is farming in Wales.     我的朋友在威尔士的农场种地。
 The farmer whistled as he milked.     农夫一边挤奶一边吹口哨。
 I was farmed out to nannies at an early age in that farmhouse.     小的时候我是在那间农舍由奶妈照看的。
 High prices for farm products encouraged farming.     农产品价格的提高有助于农业。
 We can't go any farther without a rest.     不休息我们就走不动了。
 The students were fascinated by his ideas.     学生们都被他的思想吸引住了。
 If I had eyes, how happily would I embark upon so fascinating a study!     如果我有眼睛，我会多么幸福地从事如此迷人的研究！
 A strong or spellbinding appeal; fascination.     迷人的魅力强烈的或使人沉迷的魅力；魅力
 I abominate fascism.     我憎恨法西斯主义.
 I suspect he's a closet fascist.     我怀疑他是地下法西斯分子.
 Many influences help to fashion our children's characters.     各种各样的影响有助于塑造我们的孩子们的性格。
 It's fashionable to go to Singapore for your holidays.     到新加坡去度假是时下的时尚。
 In a dignified, noble fashion befitting or characteristic of a lord.     高傲的，贵族的以符合老爷或作为老爷的尊贵的、高贵的方式的或具之特点的
 They run faster and faster.     他们跑得越来越快。
example sentence not found
 She fastened the notice to the board.     她把通知贴到布告板上。
 One who is excessively fastidious in dress, manners, or taste.     爱修饰的人过分讲究穿著、举止或嗜好的人
 The tight jumper only accentuated his fat stomach.     那件紧身套头毛衣反更突出了他那肥胖的肚子.
 This was his fatal defect; he was of feeble will.     这是他致命的弱点，他意志薄弱。
 She wondered what fate had in store for her next.     她不知道以后等待她的将是什么命运。
 Father sits in the same chair every evening.     父亲每晚都坐在同一张椅子上，
 I cannot fathom his meaning.     我不能彻底了解他的意思。
 The patient fatigues easily.     病人容易疲劳。
example sentence not found
 There are several faults in the page of figures.     那一页的数字中有几个差错。
 These musicians gave an absolutely faultless performance.     这些音乐家作了一场绝对完美的演出。
 The new TV is faulty in design.     新电视在设计上是有缺点的。
 Public opinion was moving strongly in favor of disarmament.     公众舆论正在强烈支持裁军。
 Most people were favorable to the idea.     大多数人赞成这个主意。
 One who is favorably disposed toward Arab concerns and policies.     阿拉伯（民族）主义者非常关注阿拉伯事务及政策的人
 Who is your favorite writer?     谁是你最喜欢的作家？
 Of the two possible plans I favour the first.     在这两种可行方案中我赞成前者.
 After you think it over, please let me know by fax.     你仔细考虑过之后，请用传真相告。
 Do not fear; I will support you.     别担心，我会支持你的。
 A fearful person is a weak person.     怕这怕那的人是软弱的人。
 The major impregnated the soldiers with his own fearless courage.     少校把他自己那份无所畏惧的勇气灌输给了士兵们。
 Experts were divided on the feasibility of the project.     专家们对该计划的可行性意见不一。
 The plan is feasible in reason but impractical.     这个计划道理上行得通, 但不现实。
 The king held a feast for us.     国王为我们举行了盛大的宴会。
 I was amazed to see his dangerous feat.     他的危险技艺让我感到惊讶。
 Feather is very light, so that we sayas light as a feather.     羽毛很轻，因此我们说“轻如鸿毛”。
 Wet weather is a feature of life in this area.     天气潮湿是这个地区生活的一个特色。
 In February 1916 the French army made a stand at Verdun.     1916年二月，法国军队在凡尔登奋力抵抗。
 As the Council on Competitiveness recently noted, some of the700 Federal Laboratories are not pulling their weight and need to be shut down.     美国竞争力咨讯会最近指出，700个联邦试验所之中有些未能发生作用，应予关闭。
 A principle of allowing each state in a nation or federation to act independently of the central authority, especially in promoting its own economic interests.     独立发展自身利益的原则一种允许一个国家或联邦内的每一个州独立于中央集权而发展的原则，尤指互相提高自身经济利益方面
 She charged only a nominal fee for her work.     她为所做的工作只收取象征性的费用。
 He bleated out a feeble excuse.     他以微弱的声音作无力的辩解.
 Will you feed my cat for me?     请帮我喂我的猫好吗？
 Part of the energy can be transferred from one part of a mechanism to another, in a direction opposite to its main flow. That's what we call feedback.     部分能量能以与它主要传播方向相反的方向从一个机械部件传到另一个机械部件，那就是我们所称的反馈。
example sentence not found
 The dead cannot feel.     死人没有知觉。
 You have no feeling for the beauty of nature.     你对大自然的美缺乏欣赏力。
 I managed to grab hold of the jug before it fell.     我设法抓住了那个罐子才未跌落。
 We've sinned against you, and against our fellow men.     我们得罪了你，也得罪了我们的邻人。
 He was granted a fellowship.     他被准许入会。
 The male voice is deeper than the female.     男性的嗓音比女性的低沉。
 There are three genders in German: masculine, feminine and neuter.     德语中有三性: 阳性、 阴性和中性.
 The tree was fenced around with wire.     那棵树被铁丝网围了起来。
 In the old society, he was compelled to fend for himself at the age of14.     在旧社会，他十四岁时就被迫自己独立谋生。
 Sugar is converted into alcohol through the process of fermentation.     糖经过发酵变成酒精。
 The ferocious winds seemed about to tear the ship to pieces.     猛烈的狂风仿佛要把船撕成碎片似的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He went down to the ferry but found the boat on the other side.     他到了渡口，却发现渡船在对岸。
 The ferryboat in the harbor got op steam for the crossing to the island.     泊在港内的渡轮增强了锅炉的汽压，准备驶向那个岛屿。
 Producing abundantly; fertile.     多产的，富饶的能大量生产的；肥沃的
 The fertility of the soil has been greatly improved by the use of pesticides.     土壤施用杀虫剂後肥力大增.
 Get some more fertilizer for the garden.     给花园再多施些肥料.
 Filled with or motivated by zeal; fervent.     热情的充满热情的或为热情所动的；热烈的
 His wound became festering.     他的伤口在溃烂。
 This city has a music festival every summer.     本市每年举行一次夏季音乐节。
 Could you run and fetch a doctor for me?     你能跑去给我请一个医生吗？
 The prisoner was put into the jail with fetters.     这个犯人被戴上脚镣投进了监狱。
 Diagnostic imaging in which ultrasound is used to visualize an internal body structure or a developing fetus.     超声波扫描术利用超声波来显示耳体结构或胚胎发育情况的诊断用的成像法
 He eventually killed her because of a long-standing feud.     因为宿怨，他最终杀了她。
 The feudal barons were cruel to the people.     封建贵族对人民很残酷。
example sentence not found
 Her fever passed its crisis.     她发烧已经过了危险期。
 We saw few students there.     我们在那儿几乎没看见学生。
 I love my country with every fiber of my being.     我深爱我的祖国。
 I love my country with every fibre of my being.     我深爱我的祖国。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Fortune's fickle wheel.     多变的命运之轮。
 His account of the crime was a complete fiction.     他所讲述的那种罪刑完全是虚构的。
example sentence not found
 Well, we'd better get started and stop fiddling about.     我们最好动身，不要再延误了。
 Good faith; fidelity.     坚定信念；忠诚
 He has become famous in his own field.     他在自己的领域里已经出名了。
 They were having a fierce argument and I thought they might hit each other.     他们正在恶狠狠地争吵，我想他们可能要打架了。
 She gave vent to her indignation in a fiery speech.     她在一篇激烈的演说中发泄怒气。
 After working for fifteen hours I began to tire.     工作了十五个小时之后，我开始感到累了。
 He traces his family back to about the fifteenth century.     他把他的家世追溯到十五世纪前後。
 The team has chalked up its fifth win in a row.     这队一连五次取得胜利.
 These people who were young fifty years back are now gray haired.     50年前的年轻人，现在已经白发苍苍了。
 The richly fig out young woman stand out at the party.     那位衣饰富丽的年轻女郎在宴会上引人注目。
 The news of defeat took all the fight out of us.     失败的消息夺走了我们所有的斗志。
 She won't give up easily: she's a real fighter.     她不会轻易放弃的，她十分顽强。
 The people there are fighting to gain their freedom from foreign control.     那里的人民正在为摆脱外国统治争取自由而战斗。
 A purifying or figurative cleansing of the emotions, especially pity and fear, described by Aristotle as an effect of tragic drama on its audience.     情绪的净化情绪的净化或象征性清洗，尤指遗憾和恐惧，亚里土多德把他描述为悲剧对观众情绪的影响
 Mahatma Gandhi was both a political and a religious figure in Indian history.     甘地在印度历史上是政治和宗教要人。
 Please file those letters.     请把这些信件存档。
example sentence not found
 She is the filing clerk of our company.     她是我们公司的档案员。
 Please fill the cup with water.     请把这个杯子装满水，
example sentence not found
 I am cooking a sponge cake with jam filling.     我在做果酱松糕。
 Joan ran ahead to film us as we crossed the bridge.     我们过桥时，琼跑到前面为我们拍照。
 The teacher gave each of us a piece of filter paper before doing the experiment.     做试验前，老师给我们每个人发了一张滤纸。
example sentence not found
 Go and wash that filth off your hand.     去把你手上的脏东西洗掉。
 My hands are filthy; I'd better go and clean (myself) up.     我的手脏了, 最好去洗洗.
 The game is now in its final stages.     这场比赛现在处于最后阶段。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Finally, they arrived at an agreement.     他们最后终于达成了协议。
 The repairs to the school will be financed by the educational department.     学校的修缮将由教育部门出资。
 We must take a hard look at our finances.     我们应该密切注意财务问题.
 The journalist was probing into several financial scandals.     那记者正在调查几起财务丑闻。
 The financier told us not to do business in that way.     金融家告诉我们不要再用那种方法做业务。
 The source of our outside financing is joint venture, compensation trade and bank loan, etc.     我们向外筹措资金的渠道主要有合资企业、补偿贸易和银行贷款等。
 We have found oil under the North Sea.     我们在北海发现了石油。
 A trademark used for a sonic depth finder.     回音测深仪一种声音测深仪的商标
 Finding his own scheme met with no support from the majority, the mayor faced about and supported the ideas of his Councilors.     市长发现他的方案没有得到大多数人的支持，就改变主意，转而支持市议会议员们的意见。
 Have you handed in your fine?     你交了罚款了吗？
 The pen slips out of my fingers.     钢笔从我指缝中滑下去了。
 She lay at the side of the pool and paddled in the water with her fingers.     她躺在池子边上，用手指玩水。
 When do you finish your college course?     你什么时候完成大学课程？
 The country's subjection of its neighbor has been finished.     该国对邻国的征服已经完成。
 Going beyond the finite.     无限的超过有限的
 She fired her gun at them.     她用枪向他们射击。
 The fireman was suffocated by the fumes.     那个消防队员让浓烟憋死了.
 This fireplace smokes (badly).     这个壁炉烟冒得（太）厉害.
 The firework exploded in his hand.     那个爆竹在他手里响了。
 The government must act to firm prices up.     政府必须采取行动使物价稳定下来。
 The struts are firmly braced.     那些支柱上得很牢固。
 Firmness of character or action; determination.     果断，决断性格或行动的坚定；坚决
example sentence not found
 He was the first to be there.     他是第一个到达那里的。
 Palm Inc, the No1 maker of hand-held electronic organizers, on Monday reported fiscal first-quarter operating results that topped analyst forecasts as sales more than doubled.     掌上型个人电子助理制造商Palm周一公布财政年度第一季的财务报告，营运收入与获利均超越华尔街分析师的预估一倍以上。
 The beach is a good place to fish from.     海滩是钓鱼的好地方。
 The shark's dorsal fin was cut off by the fisherman.     鲨鱼的背鳍被渔夫割了下来。
example sentence not found
 He studies in particular the fishes of the Indian Ocean.     他专门研究印度洋的鱼类.
 Who made the decision to go fishing?     是谁决定去钓鱼的？
example sentence not found
 I clenched my fist and hit him.     我攥紧拳头向他击去。
 He will just fit the post.     他很适合这个职位。
 In many sports physical fitness is not as important as technique.     在许多体育运动中，体能没有技巧重要。
 He expressed his thoughts in clear and fitting language.     他用明白恰当的语言来表达他的思想。
 We've got to fit five people plus all their luggage in the car.     我们得在汽车里挤下五个人和全部行李。
 We are in a real fix - there is nobody to look after the baby.     我们真的处于困境――没人照顾婴儿。
 The hours of the meetings will be fixed at the monitor's discretion.     开会时间将由班长自行决定。
 The act or process of fixing.     固定固定的动作或程序
 The owner of the house charge us for fixture and fittings.     房主要我们支付使用固定设施的费用。
 I'm getting flabby lying here in bed,  he grumbled, and look at my hands-smooth as a baby's bottom. What kind of hands are these for a working man to have?      我躺在床上肌肉都变得松弛了，他咕哝道：看看我的手-如此细皮嫩肉的。干活的人怎能有这样的手？
 That plant with purple flowers is flag.     那种开紫花的植物是菖蒲。
 Flag a parade route; flagging parts of a manuscript for later review.     用旗标出游行路线；为以后再阅读标出手稿的某些部分
 The paintwork is beginning to flake; it'll need doing over/to be done over soon.     油漆已成片脱落, 需要赶快重新上漆.
 The candle flame flickered and went out.     烛火摇曳着，随即熄灭了。
 When I saw the flames I acted on instinct and threw a blanket over them.     我看见火焰时便凭直觉把一张毯子扑在火焰上.
 The soldiers attacked the left flank of the enemy.     战士们攻击敌人的左翼。
 Stop flannelling and give a straight answer!     别再兜圈子了，直截了当地回答！
 A flap from the tail of the whale upset the boat.     鲸尾轻轻一拍便把小船打翻了。
 Her nostrils flared angrily.     她气得鼻孔都鼓了起来。
 The days seem to flash by.     光阴似箭。
 A lighthouse was flashing in the distance.     灯塔在远处发出闪烁的光.
 The graduations are marked on the side of the flask.     烧瓶侧面有刻度标志.
 My request was met with a flat refusal.     我的要求遭到了断然拒绝。
example sentence not found
 The land flattens out near the coast.     海岸附近地势变得很平坦.
 He flattered her about her cooking.     他恭维她的烹调手艺。
 She flaunts her new clothes.     她炫耀自己的新衣服。
 This bread has plenty of flavor.     这面包味道真好。
 I don't like the flavour of onion.     我不喜欢洋葱的味道。
 The flaw in this vase makes it less valuable.     这个花瓶因为有点缺陷，不那么值钱了。
 The frightened people fled from the fire.     人们惊恐万状地逃离了火灾现场。
 These sheep have fine thick fleeces.     这些绵羊的毛又细又厚.
 The foremost position in an army or a fleet advancing into battle.     前卫，尖兵进入战斗的部队或船队的最前面的位置
 A faint or fleeting indication; a trace.     模糊的暗示模糊的或一闪即逝的暗示；迹象
 I'll have to go to my aunt's funeral she was my own flesh and blood after all.     我得参加我姑姑的葬礼－－她是我的亲人哪。
 The fleshy, muscular back part of the human leg between the knee and ankle.     腓，小腿肚人腿部位于膝关节和踝关节之间的多肉的、腿后部的肌肉部分
 The gardeners flexed their muscles and began to dig.     园丁们舒腰展臂后才开始挖地。
example sentence not found
 We need a foreign policy that is more flexible.     我们需要一个更为灵活的外交政策。
 All the lights flickered for a moment.     所有的灯都闪了一会儿。
 The old woman fell down a flight of stairs.     那位老太太从一段楼梯上摔了下来。
 She flung down her large handbag on the table.     她把那只大手提包扔在桌子上。
 A flip answer to a serious question.     对严肃问题的轻率回答
 They say he's a terrible flirt.     据说他是调情色鬼.
 The logs floated down the river.     木头在河上放流。
 Have you seen my keys floating about (anywhere)?     你在什麽地方见到我的钥匙了吗?
 People are flocking to the cinema to see the new film.     人们正蜂拥到电影院去看这部新电影。
 Settlers flooded from Europe to America in the 19th century.     十九世纪欧洲移民纷纷涌到了美国。
 Memories of his childhood came flooding back.     他童年的往事涌上心头.
 We planned to floor our room with oak.     我们计划用橡木材料给房间铺地板。
example sentence not found
 The plastic or cardboard container that holds a floppy disk.     磁盘套子装软磁碟片的塑料套或纸板套
 We made some bread with the flour he bought for us.     我们用他给我们带来的面粉做了一些面包。
 The doctor showed us about his hospital with much flourish.     这位医生颇为炫耀地带着我们参观了他的医院。
 The flow of melted snow cascaded down the mountainside and into the river.     溶化的雪水如瀑布般沿着山崖边泻入河里。
example sentence not found
 Cherry trees flower in the early spring.     樱桃树在早春开花。
 She's still recovering from a bout of flu.     她这次患流行性感冒还没有完全恢复。
 Cotton: irregular, the cotton index fluctuate narrowly on the liverpool( england) market.     棉花：涨落不定。在英国利物浦市场上，棉花指数涨落不大。
 The decision was affected by his fluctuation of mood.     这个决定受他情绪的影响。
 A person who is able to use three languages, especially with equal fluency.     说三种语言的人能够使用三种语言的人，尤指使用三种语言的流利程度相同
 Her fluent movements surprised us.     她那协调优美的动作让我们惊奇。
 Courtship will include display in which the male fluff up his feather.     鸟儿求偶的表现包括雄鸟抖松羽毛的炫耀行为。
 A long fluffy scarf made of soft material, such as fur or feathers.     长围巾用如毛皮或羽毛等柔软材料制成的长而蓬松的围巾
 The rate of flow of fluid, particles, or energy through a given surface.     流动率流体、微粒或能量通过一设定的表面时流动的速率
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Mary flushed crimson with embarrassment.     玛丽羞得脸红了。
 The child occupied himself in playing his flute.     那孩子只顾著吹笛子.
 She fluttered her handkerchief from the train window as a good-bye.     她从火车窗口里伸出手挥动手帕道别。
 A measure of the induced voltage in a circuit caused by a magnetic flux and equal to the flux times the number of turns in the coil that surrounds it.     碰撞，匝链电路中由于磁通量而造成电伏减少的单位，等于穿过一载流线圈的磁通量与线圈匝数之积
 Our dog may look fierce but he wouldn't hurt a fly.     我们的狗别看样子凶，其实很温顺。
example sentence not found
 When the horse had finished the race, its sides were wet with foam.     这匹马结束比赛时，它的脊背被汗水湿透了。
 I won't be fobbed off this time I'm determined to say what I think.     这次我可不上当了--我一定要把想法说出来.
 You should focus your attention on your work.     你应该把注意力放到工作上。
 Timothy can be used as fodder for cattle.     猫尾草可以作为喂牛的牧草。
 Who goes there friend or foe?     谁在那里--是自己人还是敌人?
 London used to have bad fogs in winter.     伦敦过去在冬季常有浓雾。
 It's a foggy morning.     今天早晨有雾。
 Wrapping aluminium foil round a joint allows the meat to cook in its own juice/juices.     用铝箔把肉包住使之在原汁中烹制.
 I folded the handkerchief and put it in my pocket.     我折好手绢，放进口袋里。
 God, we look like sheep- we are all carrying the same folder.     天啊！我们都带着同样的文件夹，看起来一模一样。
 The comedian had the audience folding up.     那个喜剧演员逗得观众笑得前仰後合。
 He crouched down among the tangled foliage.     他蹲下把身子藏在紊乱的叶丛中。
 We have several early folios for sale.     我们有几本早期的对开本书出售。
 He is a very popular folk singer.     他是一位很受欢迎的民歌手。
 The police are following a murderer who's in hiding.     警察正在追赶藏匿起来的杀人犯。
 He's a follower, not a leader.     他是追随者，不是领导者。
 The police are following a murderer who's in hiding.     警察正在追赶藏匿起来的杀人犯。
 Pain is forgotten where gain follows.     【谚】一朝得了利，痛苦便忘记。
 Volleyball is a sport of which I am very fond.     排球是我很喜欢的运动。
example sentence not found
 What's your favorite food?     你最喜欢的食物是什么？
 Nowadays, the foodstuffs in our life are more various.     如今，我们生活中的食品越来越五花八门了。
 What a fool I was to believe he is a good man.     我竟然相信他是个好人，我真是个傻瓜。
 He was angry with himself for having made such a foolish mistake.     他为犯如此愚蠢的错误而对自己气恼不已。
 He sat on the foot of the bed.     他坐在床脚处。
 Which football team is the leader in the football championship?     现在哪个队在足球锦标赛中领先？
example sentence not found
 This enterprise is now on a firm footing and should soon get profits.     现在这家企业基础稳固，很快就会赢利。
 A political scandal that was but a footnote to modern history.     一件对现代历史无足轻重的政治丑闻
 I heard his footsteps in the hall.     我听见大厅里有他的脚步声。
 The thief froze when he heard the footsteps approaching.     小偷听到走近的脚步声，吓得呆住了。
 What can I do for you?     我能帮你什么忙吗?
 Lack of time forbids any further discussion at the point.     由于时间不够，现在不能深入讨论这个问题。
 Forbidden City is a great magnet for foreign tourists.     紫禁城对外国旅游者来说是个有巨大吸引力的地方。
 The rider forced his horse on through the storm.     骑士迫使他的马在暴风雨中前进。
 Upon reaching an appropriate age, children are encouraged, but not forced, to leave the nest.     一达到适当的年龄，孩子们就被鼓励，而不是被强迫，离开老窝。
 The captain ordered two flags to be placed fore and aft.     船长吩咐在船头和船尾各挂一面旗子。
 The joint or bend of the arm between the forearm and the upper arm.     肘关节上臂与前臂之间的关节或胳膊弯曲处
 They tried to forecast the result of the football match.     他们试图预测这场足球比赛的结果。
 Japan said on Tuesday that Peru's disgraced ex-president Alberto Fujimori has Japanese nationality, a status that allows him to stay in the land of his forefathers and probably avoid facing investigators in Peru.     日本政府周二表示，遭到罢黜的秘鲁前总统藤森具有日本国籍，而这个身分将让他得以继续留在日本这块祖先的土地上，同时也可能让他不必回秘鲁接受调查人员的侦讯。
example sentence not found
 Refer to the foregoing figures.     涉及到前面所讲的数字
 Try to draw the figures in the foreground in proportion.     要把前景中的人物画得合比例.
 His forehead was ridged with anxiety.     他的前额因焦虑而布满了皱纹。
 She's a very good woman; unkindness is foreign to her nature.     她是个很好的妇人，冷酷不是她的本性。
 His broken English showed he was a foreigner.     他的蹩脚的英语说明他是一个外国人。
 He was deemed as guilty by the foreman.     陪审长认为他有罪。
 He does a bit of writing, but first and foremost he's a teacher.     他也写一些文章, 但他主要是个教师.
 One that indicates or foreshadows what is to come; a forerunner.     预言者指明或预示即将发生的事的人；先驱
 Do you foresee any problems with the new system?     对于这种新体制，你看会有什么问题吗？
 The combustion in the forest generated great damage.     森林火灾造成了巨大的损失。
 The covering of forestry in our town is 60 percent.     我们镇的森林覆盖率是百分之六十。
 She claims to be psychic and to be able to foretell the future.     她自称有特异功能, 能预知未来.
 You'll never see life if you stay at home forever.     如果你一直呆在家里，就永远不会有生活经验。
 If man put his country in danger by helping the enemy, his life and possessions were forfeit to the crown.     任何人如帮助敌人危害本国，他的生命财产便被国家没收。
 The ship forged ahead under a favorable wind.     船乘风快速前进。
 He confessed the letter a forgery.     他承认那封信是伪造的。
 Don't forget your friends when you become rich.     致富后不要忘了老朋友。
 I am really angry about your forgetfulness.     你这么健忘，我的确很生气。
 He is not a man who forgives easily.     他不是一个肯轻易宽恕人的人。
 We came to a fork in the road and could not decide which fork we should take.     我们来到了岔路口，不能决定走哪一条岔路。
 He determined to form a club.     他决心成立一个俱乐部。
 There is only a formal likeness between the two brothers, for their natures are very different.     这两兄弟仅外表相似，本性却很不一样。
 I found the formality of the occasion irritating.     我觉得这种场合的繁文缛节十分讨厌。
 It also incorporate new optimization specific to particular server and local database format.     它也把新的优化细节合并到特殊服务器与本地数据库格式中。
 School life has a great influence on the formation of a child's character.     学校生活对小孩个性的形成有很大影响。
 It's the same book, but a new format.     还是那本书, 但这是新的版式.
 A specification for the format and relative timing of information exchanged between communicating parties.     通信双方之间交换信息的格式和相对定时［同步］的一种规范。
 Fully formed or developed, as an organ or structure.     定形的，成形的器官或结构发育完全的或
 It was more in sorrow than in anger that he criticized his former colleague.     他批评以前的同事, 并非出於气愤而是为他惋惜.
 Ether was used formerly to put a patient to sleep before an operation.     从前人们在手术前用乙醚来使病人昏睡。
 His mother is a most formidable lady.     他的母亲是个最令人生畏的妇人。
 It's the formula for converting gallons into liters.     这是加仑与升的换算公式。
 He formulated his thought clearly.     他清楚确切地表达了自己的思想。
 British mathematician and physicist. He shared a1933 Nobel Prize for new formulations of the atomic theory.     迪拉克，保罗・阿德利安・莫里斯1902－1984英国数学和物理学家。1933年因新原子理论公式与人分享诺贝尔奖
 A homeless person, especially a forsaken or orphaned child.     无家可归者一个无家可归的人，尤指一个被遗弃或无父母的孤儿
 The men in the fort capitulated.     堡垒中的守军投降了。
 Cooking is her forte.     她擅长烹调。
 The Forth of July is the National Independence Day of the USA.     七月四日是美国国庆日。
 The forthcoming talks hold out the hope of real arms reductions.     即将举行的会谈给实现真正的裁军带来了希望。
 The medieval town is fortified with a high wall and a deep moat.     这座中世纪的城市用高墙深沟来加强防御。
 She was successful for her fortitude character.     因为坚韧不拔的性格她成功了。
 His birthday is Monday fortnight.     他的生日是两星期后的星期一。
 A FORTRAN language statement used to define arrays.     在FORTRAN语言中用于定义数组的语句。
 The soldier scaled the wall of the fortress by turret.     士兵通过塔车攀登上了要塞的城墙。
 In a other word, verbbe is the most fortuitous verb of change.     换句话说，动词“be”是个变化最不规则的动词。
example sentence not found
 We must help others less fortunate than ourselves.     我们要帮助那些不那麽幸运的人.
 All we need say is that fortunately we did not listen to him.     我们需要说的只是幸亏我们没有听他的话。
 He dreamed of making a fortune.     他梦想发大财。
 The atlas contains forty maps.     这个地图集有四十幅地图。
 The letters page serves as a useful forum for the exchange of readers' views.     读者来信版是读者们交换意见的有益园地。
 Please forward my mail to my new address.     请把我的信件转到我的新地址。
 I engaged the clutch and the car moved forwards.     我踩下离合器，汽车便朝前开了。
 Coal is a fossil fuel.     煤是一种矿物燃料。
 Mr Foster is sorry that he cannot accept your invitation to dinner.     福斯特先生不能接受你的宴请，深表歉意。
 The ball was foul.     这球犯规了。
example sentence not found
 We found the lineaments of the situation.     我们找到了情况的关键因素。
 The foundation on which many ancient societies were built was the use of slaves.     许多古代社会都是建立在使役奴隶的基础上的。
 Who is the founder of the scientific socialism?     谁是科学社会主义的奠基人？
 She dabbled her hands in the fountain.     她把手伸到喷泉中玩水。
 Our cat has a litter of four kittens.     我们家的猫一窝养了4只小猫。
example sentence not found
 The cultivator worked fourteen hours a day, laying by the corn.     中耕机每天工作14小时，给玉米作最后一次中耕。
 One fourth of a ton;500 pounds. Used as a measure of grain.     五百磅四分之一吨；五百磅。用作谷物计量单位
 A mixture of ground grain and nutrients fed to livestock and fowl.     麦麸由谷糠和营养物质调成的混合物，用以饲养牲畜和家禽
 The fox ran away before the hunter shot it.     那只狐狸在猎人向它射击前跑掉了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The door opened a fraction.     门稍微开了条缝。
example sentence not found
 Fracture of the leg can be very serious in old people.     老年人腿骨骨折有可能成为严重疾患。
 This glass plate is very fragile.     这个玻璃盘子很容易碎。
example sentence not found
 She dropped the vase on the floor and it broke into fragments.     她把花瓶掉在地上，摔成了碎片。
example sentence not found
 She dropped the vase on the floor and it broke into fragments.     她把花瓶掉在地上，摔成了碎片。
 The rose sends out strong fragrance.     玫瑰散发出浓郁的香味。
 The flowers gave off a fragrant odor.     花发出一阵幽香。
 I accept that he's old and frail; be that as it may, he's still a good politician.     我承认他年老体衰，然而尽管如此，他仍是优秀的政治家。
 This athlete has a powerful frame.     这位运动员有着魁梧的体格。
 All the cases can be considered within the framework of the existing rules.     一切情况都可依据现行章程的结构加以考虑。
 In a silver frame on the table there is a photograph of her husband.     在桌上的银相框里有张她丈夫的照片。
 Britain's nearest neighbour is France.     英国最近的邻居是法国。
 That fast food business have expanded through the sale of franchise.     该快餐店通过出售联营经销权而扩大了生意。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is an extremely frank person.     他是个极其老实的人。
 A collector of antique cars asked Frank to look out for a1906 gas head lamp.     一位老式汽车收藏家要弗兰克留神1906年产的煤气前灯。
 I feel it my duty to speak frankly to you.     我觉得我有义务要坦白地对你说。
 The child's parents were frantic when she did not return home on time.     那孩子没有按时回家，她父母都要急疯了。
 She went through the company's accounts, looking for evidence of fraud.     她仔细审核公司的帐目, 查找欺骗作弊的证据.
 The expedition into the jungle was fraught with danger.     到原始森林去探险充满了危险。
 He was really confused by the freak result.     这个异乎寻常的结果让他非常困惑。
 Don't run free on the main street.     别在大街上乱跑。
 The people there are fighting to gain their freedom from foreign control.     那里的人民正在为摆脱外国统治争取自由而战斗。
 Let us discuss such things as we can talk it freely.     让我们讨论一些咱们可以自由谈论的事吧。
 The thief froze when he heard the footsteps approaching.     小偷听到走近的脚步声，吓得呆住了。
 Just one more heave, and the freezer will be in the right place.     ＂只要再拉一下，冰箱准能放到合适的位置上。＂
 They freighted the boat with bananas.     他们把香蕉装上船。
 Do you like French films?     你喜欢法国影片吗？
 It is said that the Frenchman may be the best gardener in the world.     据说法国人是世界上最好的园丁。
 He varied the transmission frequency.     他变换了无线电传送的频率。
 These woods are frequented by all kinds of birds.     这些树林里经常栖息着各种鸟类。
 Many times; frequently.     经常地多次地；频繁地
 You can buy fresh vegetables in the market.     你可以在市场上买到新鲜的蔬菜。
 I'll just go and freshen (myself) up before the interview.     我这就去梳洗打扮一番再去会面.
 It's important for the college freshman to keep his nose clean.     对大学新生而言洁身自好是很重要的。
 Babies often fret (themselves) when their mothers are not near.     婴儿常常因母亲不在身边而哭闹.
 My daughter and son always have frictions.     我女儿和儿子总发生矛盾。
 It's Friday.     今天星期五。
 If there's any food (left) over, put it in the fridge.     食物要是剩下就放进冰箱里.
 Our friend from china will now tell us about her research.     现在我们的中国朋友要向大家介绍她自己的研究情况。
 Manchester United beat Celtic in a friendly.     曼彻斯特联队在一场友谊比赛中击败了凯尔特队。
 Please hand on the magazine to your friends.     请把这本杂志传给你的朋友们看。
 Take this ring as a pledge of our friendship.     请接受这个戒指作为我们友谊的信物。
 The horse took a fright at the sound of the explosion.     马听到爆炸声受了惊。
 The little baby was frightened by the fierce dog.     那个小孩被恶狗吓坏了。
 The jet zoomed low over the houses, frightening everyone.     那架喷气式飞机低飞掠过房顶, 隆隆声把大家吓了一跳.
 An old woman considered ugly or frightful.     老丑婆一个被认为是丑陋或可怕的老妇人
 The estate was fringed with stately elms.     那片地以挺拔的榆树为边界。
 At 18, he's still rather frivolous and needs to grow up.     他到了十八岁仍然很不懂事，很不成熟。
 Trucks shuttled to and fro on the high ways.     车辆在高速公路上穿梭行驶。
 Her frock came from Paris, but she wears them with a strong English accent.     她的罩袍来自巴黎，可是她简直把它们穿成了英国式（的样子）。
 The frog in the well knows nothing of the great ocean.     【谚】井底之蛙，所见不广。
 The train starts from Beijing.     这辆火车从北京开出。
 Write your name on the front cover of the exercise book.     在练习簿的封面上写上你的名字。
 Sweden has frontiers with Norway and Finland.     瑞典与挪威和芬兰接壤。
 The grass was covered with frost in the early morning.     清晨，草上覆盖着一层白霜。
 The air was frosty.     天气严寒。
 The frown on the man's face showed that he was displeased.     那人皱着眉头，面露不悦。
 These frozen foods are the most convenient of all.     这些冷冻食品是最为方便。
 They lived a very frugal existence, avoiding all luxuries.     他们生活非常俭朴，力避奢侈。
 The apple trees are fruiting early this year.     今年苹果树很早结果。
 Capable of producing offspring or vegetation; fruitful.     多产的能够生产果实或植物的；多果实的
 At last his efforts were coming to fruition.     他的努力终于逐渐取得了成效。
 The terrible weather frustrated our hopes of going out.     恶劣的天气使我们外出的愿望无法实现。
 He ground his teeth (together) in frustration.     他因失败而把牙咬得咯咯响.
example sentence not found
 The eggs are frying in the pan.     鸡蛋正在平底锅里煎着。
 The newspaper article provided him with fuel for his speech.     报纸上的这篇文章为他的演讲提供了启发。
 Jim sets every girl he meets on a pedestal and ten blames them unfairly when they don't fulfil his expectations.     吉姆把他遇到的每一个女孩都看得完美无缺，然后当她们不如他所望时他便不公平地责备她们。
 You must fulfill your promise.     你必须履行诺言。
 They knew full well that he wouldn't keep his promise.     他们很清楚地知道他不会遵守诺言。
 These rosebuds haven't fully opened.     这些蔷薇花蕾还没有完全开放。
 She is fumbling the light switch.     她正找电灯开关。
 The burnt heaps of wood were still fuming.     燃烧的木堆仍在冒着烟。
 You'll sure to have fun at the party tonight.     你在今晚的晚会上一定会玩得很开心。
 The function of an adjective is to describe or add to the meaning of a noun.     形容词的作用是描述或增加名词的意思。
 The functional changes associated with or resulting from disease or injury.     病理生理异常与疾病或伤害有关的生理变化或由其引起的生理变化
example sentence not found
 The factory has built up reserve fund.     这个工厂已积累了后备基金。
 A knowledge of economics is fundamental to any understanding of this problem.     经济知识对于理解这个问题是至关重要的。
 The treasurer has run off with the club's funds.     会计拐走了俱乐部的资金.
 They held a state funeral in honour of the statesman.     他们为这位政治家举行了国葬。
 Mildew and mushrooms are fungi.     霉和蘑菇都是真菌。
 State authorities yesterday pulled the plug on a Manhattan money-wiring operation that allegedly funneled millions of dollars to and from banks in the Dominican Republic, mainly for use by drug dealers.     州政府当局昨天勒令曼哈顿一家电汇款项的商号歇业。据说其与多米尼加共和国数家银行往来调动美金数百万地，主要供毒贩使用。
 He closed his speech with a funny joke.     他用一则有趣的笑话结束了演讲。
 She was wearing a silver fox fur across her shoulders.     她肩上披了一件银狐皮披肩。
 After receiving the insulting letter, he became furious.     他收到辱骂信后怒不可遏。
 A furnace that manufactures producer gas.     煤气发生炉制造发生炉煤气的炉子
 They are renting a furnished flat.     他们租用了一套带有家具的公寓房子。
 This old table is a valuable piece of furniture.     这张旧桌子是一件很珍贵的家具。
 A furrow or groove formed by running water.     犁沟由流水形成的槽或小沟
 This house is not large enough for us, and further, it is too far from the town.     这栋房子对我们来说不够大，而且离城太远了。
 Furthermore, he informs Elizabeth, Wickham had been carrying on an intrigue with Darcy's sister Georgiana.     而且，他还告诉伊丽莎白，韦翰过去一直同他妹妹乔治亚娜有私通关系。
 That's the furthest thing from my mind. They explored the furthest reaches of space.     我只能想这么多了。他们在太空探险到最遥远的地方
 In my fury, I dashed all the dishes to the floor.     气愤之下，我把所有的杯盘都摔到地上去了。
 Lead will fuse at quite a low temperature.     铅会在相当低的温度下熔化。
 The tube was sealed off by fusing the material together.     管子以熔合管端的方法封闭起来了。
 Brass is formed by the fusion of copper and zinc.     黄铜是由铜和锌熔合制成的。
 Don't make so much fuss over losing a pen.     别为了丢失一支笔就这样大惊小怪。
 Are you fussy about what you wear?     你介意自己的穿着吗？
 He made a futile exercise.     他做了一次无效的练习。
 We will meet in Beijing in the near future.     在不久的将来，我们将在北京见面。
 Silver: quiet. Value fluctuate lower in line with other precious metals on both bullion and futures market.     银：清淡。由于受最近交易低潮的影响，银和其他贵重金属一样，期货和现货市场的数量下降。
example sentence not found
 Poor Bill, all his things are at gage.     可怜的比尔，他所有的东西都当掉了。
 He rattled away gaily.     他快活地喋喋而言。
 He has gained rich experience in these years.     这些年来，他取得了丰富的经验。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is awkward in his gait.     他的步态不雅观。
example sentence not found
 People stood at every coign of vantage on both sides of the road to watch the gala parade.     人们站在大路两边每个便于观看的地点来观看节日游行。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There may be millions of worlds in the Milky Way Galaxy.     银河系中也许有几百万个世界。
 The gale blustered all night.     大风刮了一夜。
 Galileo demonstrated that objects of different weights fall at the same speed.     伽利略证实不同重量的物体落下的速度相同。
 The saddle galled the horse's back.     马鞍擦伤了马背。
 These gallant soldiers will protect our country.     这些勇敢的士兵会保卫我们的国家的。
 He got a medal for his gallantry.     他因勇敢而赢得一枚勋章。
 A bladder, especially the urinary bladder or the gallbladder.     膀胱，泡，囊膀胱，尤指泌尿器官的膀胱或胆囊
 Most modern yachts have a fore and aft rig, but the old galleons were squared-rigged.     大多数现代化游艇配备的都是前后帆，而老式大帆船装的却是横帆。
 He seems to spend half his time hanging round art galleries and museums.     他一半的时间似乎是在美术馆和博物馆闲逛掉的。
 She loaned her collection of paintings to the gallery.     她把自己收藏的画借给了美术馆。
 The stewardess will get you some water from the galley.     空中小姐会从厨房给你拿些水来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The imperial gallon is not the same as the US gallon.     英制的加仑和与美制的容量不同。
 He galloped the horse along the track.     他沿跑道策马疾驰。
 Save a thief from gallows and he will help hang you.     你救盗匪下绞架，盗匪送你上绞架。
example sentence not found
 How can we galvanize the students into taking the responsibility for their work?     我们怎样才能激励学生对他们的作业负起责任来呢？
example sentence not found
 Peter's usual opening gambit is to buy a girl a drink, so that she immediately thinks she owes him something.     彼得通常先是为姑娘买一杯饮料，这样她就马上认为自己欠了他什么。
 The company took a gamble by cutting the price of their products.     公司冒险将产品削价出售。
 Money easily finds its way into other hands, if you are a gambler.     如果你嗜赌，钱财很容易落入他人之手。
 He spends all his time gambling in the casino.     他把时间都消磨在赌场的赌博上。
example sentence not found
 The little boy was shocked by the fall, but he was game enough to get up and try again.     这个小男孩因摔倒而受到惊吓，但他勇敢地站起来准备再试。
example sentence not found
 Five cities in the world fought bitterly over the glory of hosting the2000 Olympic Games.     世界上有5座城市为申办2000年奥运会展开激烈的角逐。
example sentence not found
 The act or process of destroying most microorganisms in certain foods, such as fish or clam meat, by irradiating them with gamma rays or other radiation to prevent spoilage.     射线杀菌法破坏某种食品，如鱼或蚌肉内的大部分微生物的行为或过程，通过γ射线或其它放射线辐射的防止变质
 In his short life he have run the entire gamut of crime, from petty theft to murder.     他在短短的一生中，从小偷小摸到杀人，什么罪都犯过。
 If Roger is allowed the day off, why shouldn't I be? What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.     如果允许罗杰休假一天，为什么不允许我休假呢？应该一视同仁嘛。
 He was done over by a gang of thugs after a football match.     他在足球比赛结束以後受到一帮暴徒的殴打。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The gangster killed the only witness to his crime, on the principle that dead men tell no tales.     因为死人是不会告密的，所以那歹徒把他犯罪的唯一见证人杀害了。
 Seeing him out of the plane and down the gangway gave me a lump in my throat.     看着他从飞机中出来，走下舷梯，我激动得哽咽起来。
example sentence not found
 Since he escaped from gaol, Tom has been living on a razor's edge, terrified of recapture.     汤姆越狱後, 时时如惊弓之鸟, 生怕再次被捕.
example sentence not found
 There is a generation gap between my parents and I.     我父母和我之间有代沟。
 Dont gape : its rude!     别张著嘴傻瞪著, 太不礼貌了!
example sentence not found
 We can't afford a car, not to mention the fact that we have no garage.     我们买不起汽车，没有车库的事就更不必说了。
 Please put the garbage in the dustbin.     请把垃圾放在桶里。
 We must cultivate our own garden and find the joy of doing it in our own heart.     我们都要做好自己工作，并且要在工作中找到精神上的乐趣。
 He got a part-time job as a gardener.     他找到个兼职工作, 当花匠.
 What implements are needed for gardening?     园艺需要些什么工具？
 Can you taste the garlic in this stew?     你尝得出炖肉里有大蒜味儿吗?
 The band around the collar of a garment.     领圈一件服装的围绕衣领的圈
 In the old days this used to be a garrison town.     在过去，这里曾是有驻军的要塞城镇。
 I was given gas when they pulled my tooth out.     给我拔牙时用了一氧化二氮。
 The lamp is full of gaseous nitrogen.     灯里充满了气体氮。
 The car is short of gasoline.     汽车的汽油不够了。
 He gasped out the message.     他喘着气说出了这个消息。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The straits of Gibraltar are the gate of the Mediterranean.     直布罗陀海峡是通向地中海的必经之路。
 A good education can be the gateway to success.     良好的教育是通往成功之路。
 I gather she's ill, and that's why she hasn't come.     我想她是病了，所以没有来。
 The United Nations assembly is a cosmopolitan gathering.     联合国大会是一种世界性的集会。
 He dislikes gaudy decorations.     他不喜欢俗丽的装饰。
 It's a rain gauge.     这是一个测雨器。
 Having a lean, gaunt frame with prominent bones.     骨瘦如柴的身材又细又瘦，骨骼突出的
 Picnics were popular in the gay nineties.     在1890年至1900年间野餐很流行。
 She gazed at me in disbelief when I told her the news.     我告诉她这消息时，她以怀疑的目光注视著我。
 Education should be geared to the children's needs and abilities.     教育应适应儿童的需要和能力。
 This liquid gels faster in cold weather.     这种液体天冷时凝结得快些.
 The price of this gem is expensive -- as much so as astronomical figures.     这个宝石的价格十分昂贵－－简直是个天文数字。
 The male and female genders are equal.     男性和女性是平等的。
 A gene that causes the transformation of normal cells into cancerous tumor cells, especially a viral gene that transforms a host cell into a tumor cell.     致癌基因导致正常细胞转变为癌变细胞的基因，尤其是一种把寄主的细胞变为肿瘤细胞的病毒基因
 Napoleon was a great general.     拿破仑是一位伟大的将领。
example sentence not found
 Perhaps you oughtn't to generalize about that.     也许你不该对那事一概而论.
 Generally, we go to the sea for our holidays.     我们通常到海边度假。
 In fact, virtual reality is exploiting software and hardware of　the computer to generate a simulation of an environment, such as an easeful classroom, a breathtaking action and so on.     实际上，虚拟现实就是利用计算机的软件和硬件去产生一种境界的仿真，如仿真一个学习场所，一次惊险的行为等等。
 We should be responsible for the generation as yet unborn.     我们应该对下一代负责。
 The generator shuts off automatically.     这台发动机能自动停止运转。
 A generic term for all mathematical and logical operations carried out according to precise rules of procedure.     一种用于按照严格的过程规则实现的数学和逻辑运算的通用术语。
 His boundless generosity moved us deeply.     他的无限的慷慨深深地感动了我们。
 It was generous of her to contribute such a large sum.     她很大方，捐助了这么大笔钱。
 The natural formation in offspring of genetic combinations not present in parents, by the processes of crossing over or independent assortment.     重组父母没有表现而其子嗣自然形成基因重组之现象，这是由于采用了杂交或独立分类的方法而出现的
 One who specializes in genetics.     遗传学家在遗传学方面从事专门研究的人
 The premiers of the two countries met in Geneva yesterday.     两国首相昨天在日内瓦会晤。
 The man was so genial, so I was drawn to him at once.     这人这么和蔼, 我立刻为他着迷。
 She has a genius for finding mistakes in my work.     她有一种从我的工作中找错误的本领。
 Gentle persuasion is more effective than force.     温和的说服胜於压服.
 Politeness is an attribute of a gentleman.     彬彬有礼是绅士的本色。
 He rotates the handle gently.     他轻轻地转动手柄。
 Is this bracelet genuine gold?     这个手镯是纯金的吗？
 The climate of a large geographic area.     大气候广大地理区域内的气候
 They are getting to know the geographical house.     他们正在了解房屋的布局。
 The geography paper was difficult.     地理试题很难.
example sentence not found
 The branch of geology that deals with the origin, composition, structure, and alteration of rocks.     岩石学地质学的一个分支，研究岩石的起源、成分、结构和演变
 German-born Canadian physicist. He won a1971 Nobel Prize for chemistry for his contributions to the understanding of the electronic structure and geometry of molecules.     赫尔茨伯格，格哈得生于1904德裔加拿大物理学家。他因理解分子的电子构造与几何形状而做出的贡献而获1971年诺贝尔化学奖
 The prize is a tangible testimony that she has gotten a germ of write ability.     这个奖是一个具体的证明，说明她具有创作才能。
 I know a little German.     我懂一点儿德语。
example sentence not found
 France borders Germany along parts of the Rhine.     法国沿莱茵河部分河段与德国接壤。
 A speaker often makes gestures with his hands or arms to stress something he is saying.     演讲者常用手或手臂做手势来强调他所说的某些要点。
 Can we get to the station in time?     我们能及时到达车站吗？
 The sick woman's face was ghastly.     那女病人面色苍白。
 Her gold-medal victory laid the ghost of her shock defeat in the European Championships.     她在欧洲锦标赛中的惨败终因她夺得金牌的胜利而雪耻。
example sentence not found
 The hero smote the giant with his sword.     英雄用剑猛劈巨人。
 At that price it's an absolute gift!     那个价钱，纯粹是白给。
 A gifted young contralto.     有天赋的年轻女低音歌手.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Of immense size, volume, or capacity; gigantic.     庞大的面积、体积、容积很大的；巨大的
 The children couldn't stop giggling at the teacher's high-pitched voice.     教师的嗓音很高, 孩子们都不禁咯咯地笑起来.
example sentence not found
 Do you like ginger beer?     你喜欢姜汁啤酒吗？
 There are more girls than boys in our class.     我们班上女孩比男孩多。
example sentence not found
 He gives generously to the poor.     他慷慨地施舍给穷人。
 The smaller boys were given a start of 10 seconds in the race.     在赛跑时让年龄小的男生提早了10秒钟起跑.
 Snap into it, kids. I'll giver your candy when you finish.     快点干吧，孩子，干完了我给你们糖吃。
 Mr Forster and his guide entered upon this portion of the glacier.     福斯特先生和他的向导进入了冰河地区。
 I'm glad he's feeling better.     他身体好些了, 我很高兴.
 The moon-light cast a glamour over the scene as they danced the Sword Dance.     他们跳起了剑舞，这时明月当空，使景色更加增添了迷人的气氛。
 He gave her an admiring glance.     他向她投以敬慕的一瞥。
 She is suffering from swollen glands.     她正患腺体肿胀病。
 They stood there, glaring at each other.     他们站在那，互相怒视着对方。
 He put down his glass.     他放下杯子。
 In his haste, he forgot to bring his glasses with him.     匆忙之中，他忘了带眼镜。
 Objects made of glass; glassware.     玻璃制品玻璃制成的物体；玻璃制品
 I could see the faint gleam of light in the distance.     我能看见远处微弱的灯光。
 Youth glided past without our awareness.     青春在我们不知不觉中逝去。
 The sky was pink with the first glimmer of the dawn.     天空因第一丝曙光而呈淡红色。
 I glimpsed at her among the crowd before she disappeared from sight.     就在她即将消失在人群里之前，我瞥见了她。
 Her eyes glistened with tears.     她眼中的泪水在闪烁。
example sentence not found
 He stared at me with a cruel glitter in his eyes.     他眼露凶光地瞪着我。
 Organization of all kinds now recognize the internet and intranets as effective means for global communication.     目前各种组织都承认Internet和intranet是用于全球通讯的最有效方式。
example sentence not found
 A terrestrial globe is one that represents the earth.     地球仪是表现地球的器具。
 My eyes slowly grew accustomed to the gloom.     我的眼睛对黑暗慢慢适应了.
 She is always in that gloomy mood.     她总是那样情绪低沉。
 The newspapers glorified their heroic deeds.     报纸称颂了他们的英雄事迹。
 The soldiers won the glorious victory.     战士们赢得了光荣的胜利。
 The bright moonlight showed the Taj Mahal in all its glory.     泰吉・玛哈尔陵在明亮的月光下显得光彩夺目。
 The gloss and glitter of Hollywood seemed fascinating to the girl.     好莱坞的虚荣与繁华似乎强烈吸引着这个女孩。
example sentence not found
 The part of a glove or mitten that covers the palm of the hand.     （手套的）掌份覆盖手掌的物体或手套的一部分
 He wore a hat, gloves and an overcoat.     他戴著帽子、 手套, 还穿著大衣.
 There is a glow of health in his face.     他的脸容光焕发。
 The kids glued their eyes to the TV set, watching a cartoon.     孩子们目不转睛地盯着电视机看卡通片。
 Children at any party will glut themselves with cake and ice cream, and not touch healthier foods.     孩子们在任何聚会上都会撑饱糕饼和冰淇淋，而不沾有营养的食物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The rat gnawed a hole through the wall.     耗子在墙上啃了一个洞。
example sentence not found
 I must be going.     我该走了。
 Stop goading the poor beast!     别再驱赶那可怜的动物了！
 He has achieved his goal.     他已经实现了他的目标。
 We saw the tiger pouncing on the goat.     我们看见老虎向那只山羊扑过去。
 Christ's message was that God loved the world.     耶稣基督的启示就是神爱世人。
 The goddess of war.     贝娄娜战争女神
 The monetary system of some countries used to be based on gold.     过去有些国家的货币制度是金本位制的。
 That fat woman looked ridiculous in her tight golden dress.     那位胖妇人穿着金色的紧身礼服，显得滑稽可笑。
 The golf course is behind our house.     高尔夫球场在我们房屋的後面.
example sentence not found
 This is a good place for a picnic.     这是一个野餐的好地方。
example sentence not found
 Goodbye I'd better be pushing along now.     再见吧--我现在该走了.
 All the goodness has been boiled off the vegetables.     这些蔬菜中的营养部分全都给煮掉了。
 Overcoats are seasonal goods.     大衣是季节性商品。
 We paid 1000 dollars for the shop, plus 200 dollars for goodwill.     我们花了一千美元买下这家商店，另加二百美元买它的商誉。
 The goose hissed at me angrily.     那鹅愤怒地向我发出嘶嘶声.
example sentence not found
 The fat man gorged himself constantly with enormous desserts.     那个胖子经常大吃甜食。
 Children shout when they see the peacock spread his gorgeous tail.     当孔雀展现它华丽的尾巴时，孩子们大声叫着。
 The gorilla had a massive forehead.     猩猩的前额很大.
 I never talk about gossip.     我从不传播流言蜚语。
 He got a small quotient of his father's property.     他得到了他父亲财产的一小部分。
example sentence not found
 He has been confined two months by gout.     他因痛风病已臣庆两个月了。
 You must not be governed by the opinions of others.     你决不要受别人意见的支配。
example sentence not found
 The two systems of government are polar opposites.     这两种政体正好相反。
 British colonies were ruled by governors.     英国的殖民地由总督统治。
 The gown a surgeon wears during an operation is usually green.     外科医生在做手术时穿的手术服通常是绿色的。
 He grabbed my collar and pulled me towards him.     他抓住我的领子把我拉倒他面前。
example sentence not found
 She performed on the balance beam with much grace.     她在平衡木上表演得非常优美。
 She has a graceful carriage.     她举止优雅。
 In beauty, that of favor, is more than that of color; and that of decent and gracious motion, more than that of favor.     仔细分析起来，形体之美要胜于颜色之美，而优雅行为之美又胜于形体之美。
 I have noticed the subtle gradation in colour in this painting.     我已经注意到这幅画中色彩的层次。
 He is in the third grade.     他读三年级。
 Gradual deterioration of specific tissues, cells, or organs with corresponding impairment or loss of function, caused by injury, disease, or aging.     变性特定的组织、细胞或器官随着受伤、疾病或年老而导致的相应的功能的削弱或丧失，而形成的逐渐的变质
 The sea is gradually encroaching on the land.     海水渐渐地侵蚀了陆地。
 He is a graduate in medicine.     他是医科毕业生。
 He worked as a magistrate after graduation.     他毕业后任地方行政长官。
 New skin had to be grafted on.     需要移植新皮肤。
 Stores of grain are frequently attacked by pests.     储存的谷物经常受到害虫的破坏。
 A unit of fineness for rayon, nylon, and silk fibers, based on a standard mass per length of1 gram per9,000 meters of yarn.     丹尼尔测量纤维、尼龙或丝的光洁度的单位，每9，000米线重1克称作为丹尼尔
 You should finish your English grammar drills in the class.     你应该在课堂上完成语法练习。
 You've made several grammatical mistakes in the composition.     你的作文中犯了几处语法错误。
example sentence not found
 Mrs Smith hit the jackpot with the sales of his last gramophone record.     史密斯雇到露拉做女佣人，运气太好了。
 But now they have been adapted for use as storehouses or granaries.     不过现在它们已经被改建，用作库房或粮仓了。
 The king's court was full of nobles and grand ladies.     王宫里到处都是贵族和贵夫人。
example sentence not found
 Susan gave her pearls to her granddaughter, round whose young throat she felt they would be displayed to greater advantage.     苏珊将珍珠项链送给了孙女。她觉得，珍珠配在孙女年轻脖子上会显得更加漂亮。
 My maternal grandfather is coming.     我的外祖父要来了。
 My grandmother got married at the age of seventeen.     我的祖母十七岁就结婚了。
 Right of a child to see a parent regularly or of a parent or grandparent to see a child regularly, where the child bis in the care of someone else.     会见权：孩子子定期见父母亲，或父母或祖父母定期看望由他人照看的孩子的权利。
 The old woman led her grandson by the arm.     那老婆婆牵着外孙的手。
 The valley ended in a perpendicular rim of granite.     那山谷的尽头是花岗石的断崖.
 He was granted his freedom on the condition that he leave the country.     他已获准恢复自由，条件是他离开这个国家。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Banana, grape, apple, daisy which of these is the odd one out?     香蕉、葡萄、苹果、雏菊－－这几样东西哪一样与众不同？
 The box that appears below a graph, identifying the fields of the graph.     出现在图下部的说明，用以标识图的各区域。
 The graphic arts include calligraphy and lithography.     平面造型艺术包括书法和平版印刷术。
example sentence not found
 In computer graphics, a predetermined pattern of lines, that provides uniform coverage of a display space.     在计算机图形学中，提供显示空间均匀覆盖面的预定扫描线图案。
 I grasped the main point of the speech.     我领会了这篇演讲的要点。
 Mike must have grassed on us.     麦克一定告发了我们。
 French entomologist noted for his descriptive and behavioral studies of bees and wasps, grasshoppers and crickets, and beetles.     法布尔，简・亨利1823－1915法国昆虫学家，以对蜜蜂、黄蜂、蚱蜢、蟋蟀和甲虫的描述和行为研究而著称
 It's her ingratitude that grates on me.     是她忘恩负义把我惹火了。
 He was grateful for all you did.     他对你所做的一切表示感激。
 Now that she has a job in France she can gratify her desire to see Europe.     既然现在她在法国工作，那就可以满足她游览欧洲的愿望了。
 Harriet was an extremely pretty girl of seventeen, not in the least brilliant, but with pleasing, unassuming manners, and a gratifying habit of looking up to Emma as a paragon.     哈里特是附近寄宿学校学生，住在校长家里。她年方十七，相貌出众，虽然资质低下，但举止行为却讨人喜欢，毫不做作，又习惯于把爱玛奉为楷模，所以挺称人心意。
 Wine is gratis.     酒水免费。
 We owe you a debt of gratitude for you help.     承蒙帮助，感恩不尽。
 Money given as a gratuity; a tip.     赏钱，小费出于感激而给的钱；小费
 Is there life beyond the grave?     人死后有来生吗？
 The wheels crunched the gravel.     车轮碾在碎石上嘎吱嘎吱地响.
 We are fully aware of the gravity of the situation.     我们十分清楚形势的严峻性。
 Poultry or meat cut into pieces and stewed in gravy.     炖肉将家禽或肉切成片在肉汁中炖
 His face turned gray as he heard the bad news.     听到这个坏消息后，他的脸变得苍白。
 We are grazing the sheep in the next field.     我们在旁边的地里放羊。
 He puts grease on his hair to make it shiny.     他给头发擦上发油使它发亮。
 What a great idea!     好主意！
 People hate bandits greatly.     人们非常痛恨盗匪。
 One's greatness lies not so much in his wealth as in his character.     一个人的伟大与其说是由他的财富来判断，倒不如说是由他的品德来判断。
 The boys went camping in Greece last year.     那些男孩子去年到希腊去露营度假.
 His greed looked through his eyes.     从他的眼中透出一种贪婪。
 The greedy little boy ate all the candy at the party.     那个贪吃的小男孩把宴会上所有的糖果都吃光了。
 He is a Greek god.     他是一个美男子。
 Green apples are sour.     未成熟的苹果是酸的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is building a greenhouse in his garden.     他正在花园中建温室。
 His speech was greeted by loud cheers.     他的演讲受到了热烈的欢呼。
 He gave us a cheery greeting.     他愉快地跟我们打招呼。
 Have you any grey pullovers in stock?     你们有灰色套头毛衣的现货吗？
 A rectangular grid of cores containing a given number of words each of a given number of bits making up the rectangular array.     一种包含给定数量字的磁心矩形网格，其中的每个字由构成矩形阵列的给定位数组成。
 She was prostrate with grief.     她因悲痛而一蹶不振。
 It's no use grieving about past errors.     为过去的错误懊悔不已是无济于事的。
 A place where grilled foods are served to customers; a grill.     烤肉馆，烧烤店向顾客提供烤菜和烧烤的地方，烤菜餐馆
 His expression was grim when he told them they had lost their job.     当他告诉他们说他们已被解雇时，他的表情十分冷酷。
 They grinned with pleasure when I gave them the sweets.     当我给他们糖果时，他们高兴地咧开嘴笑了。
 We grind up the wheat to make flour.     我们把小麦磨成面粉。
 We'll come to grips with the problem very soon.     我们将很快处理这个问题。
 Grit is spread on roads to make them less slippery in icy weather.     在结冰的天气，在路上撒上砂砾心免路面太滑。
 The old chair gave a groan when the fat man sat down on it.     那个胖子坐下时，旧椅子发出嘎吱的响声。
 That grocer never overcharges.     那杂货商从不多要价.
 He plonked the groceries on the kitchen floor.     他把买的食物杂货砰的一声扔到厨房的地板上了.
 Build a nation; built a successful business out of their corner grocery store.     建立一个国家；从他们街道拐角的杂货店创办了一家成功的公司
 The sink shelf is grooved so that the water will run off.     洗涤池上开槽是为了让水流走。
 I groped for the door handle in the dark.     我在黑暗中摸索着门把手。
 The gross national product had increased 5 percent last year.     去年的国民生产总值提高了百分之五。
 You have no real grounds for complaint.     你没有真正的理由发牢骚。
 Anybody who did anything in America up to1900 was liable to be made into a film... on the grounds of being a pioneer.     举凡在1900年以前在美国做过某些事的人，都很容易被拍成电影……以他是先驱人士为其理由。
 Facts have proved these worries groundless.     事实证明，这些忧虑是没有根据的。
 The prohibition against smoking on school grounds is strictly enforced.     校园内严禁吸烟。
 We can group animals into many types.     我们可以把动物分成很多种类。
 The farmer has an orange grove on the hillside.     那位农民在山坡上拥有一片桔子园。
 In time you'll grow to like him.     到时候你会喜欢他的。
 We heard the thunder growling in the distance.     我们听见远处隆隆的雷声。
 Any of several related white or red grapes chiefly grown in California and France and used for making wine.     比诺葡萄主要生长在美国加利福尼亚州及法国的一种白色或红色葡萄，用来酿酒
 A grownup man can't change from short to tall in height.     一个成年人不能在身高上由矮变高。
 It is hoped the tax cuts will act as a stimulant to further economic growth.     希望降低税率这一措施能刺激经济进一步增长.
 He grudged me my success.     他嫉妒我成功。
 He has everything he needs, but he is still full of grumbles.     他需要的一切都得到了，却还牢骚满腹。
 He gave a grunt of approval.     他咕噜了一声表示同意。
 This radio has a two-year guarantee.     这台收音机保修两年。
 There are soldiers on guard at the gate.     大门口有士兵在守卫。
 A guardian; a protector.     监护人；保护人
 I guess her age as 35.     我猜她有35岁。
 They are coming to the party as my guests.     他们作为我的客人出席晚会。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We should not do anything under the guidance of instincts.     我们不应该凭着直觉做事情。
 He guided the man through the streets to the railway station.     他带这个人走过街道到火车站。
example sentence not found
 She works in the Guild of Surgeons.     她在外科医生同业公会工作。
 The lawyer shafted the prisoner into an admission of guilt.     这位律师使得这名罪犯承认了自己的罪行。
 According to facts in my possession he can not possibly be guilty.     根据我所掌握的事实，他是不可能有罪的。
 Tom is going to buy either a guitar or a piano.     汤母不是要买一把吉他就是要买一架钢琴。
 He indicated the location of the Persian Gulf with a pen on the map.     他用一支笔在地图上标出了波斯湾的位置。
 He gulped his food.     他狼吞虎咽地吃东西。
 His pocket was all gummed up with candy.     他的口袋全被糖粘住了。
 Two soldiers dismounted the gun from the base.     两个战士把炮从底座上卸下来。
 Sulfur can be used to make gunpowder.     硫磺可以用来制造火药。
 His words gashed out.     他的话滔滔不绝。
 A sudden gust of wind wafted the papers off her desk.     一阵突然刮来的风把她桌上的文件吹落到地上。
 After what he said to my wife, I was surprised that he had the guts to come round and apologize.     他对我妻子说了那些话以后，竟有勇气前来致歉，这使我很吃惊。
 A gutter under the eaves of a roof.     水槽屋檐下的凹槽：
 What a downer that guy is!     那家伙多让人泄气呀!
 The basketball players are working out at the gym.     篮球运动员们正在体育馆进行训练。
 The child somersaulted across the gymnasium.     那孩子翻著跟头从体育馆这头翻到那头.
 The gymnast extended her arms horizontally.     那女子体操运动员双臂平伸.
 The sport of gymnastics is popular in our country.     体操运动在我国很流行。
 I've never lived in one place too long, it must be the Gypsy in me.     我从来没有在一个地方长住过，一定是我性格中有吉普赛人的特性。
 He is in the habit of rising early.     他有早起的习惯。
 The moth's habitat is being destroyed and it has nearly died out.     这种蛾子因栖息地正受到破坏，几乎绝种了。
 My girlfriend and I are habitual cinema-goers.     我和女友是电影院的常客。
example sentence not found
 The publisher paid his hacks low.     出版商付给他雇佣的文人很低的费用。
example sentence not found
 If only I had another chance.     要是我再有一次机会就好了。
 The old lady has a haggard face.     老太太的脸很枯槁。
example sentence not found
 It's hailing outside.     外面在下冰雹。
 The clothes some young people wear nowadays really make your hair curl.     如今有些年轻人穿的服装真会把你吓一跳。
 That's a nice haircut.     那个发式很漂亮。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her hairpin is new.     她的束发夹是新的。
 A mammoth is a large hairy type of elephant in ancient times.     猛犸是古代一种身体庞大、长着长毛的大象。
 The girl left her homework half done.     这女孩只做完了一半作业。
example sentence not found
 The key turned halfway and then jammed.     钥匙转了一半就卡住了。
 Morning assemblage is held in the school hall.     晨会在学校礼堂举行。
 The plan has all the hallmarks of being a total failure.     这个方案具有彻底失败的一切标志。
 The soldiers halted for a rest.     士兵们停下来休息。
 The latest planes have halve the time needed for cross the atlantic.     最新型号的飞机把飞越大西洋所需的时间减少了一半。
 Let me go halves with you in the taxi fare.     让我和你平均负担车费。
 He's a terrible ham.     他是个很拙劣的演员。
 The hamburger not only smells good but (also) tastes delicious.     这只汉堡包不但气味好闻而且味道好吃。
 The police hammered the door.     警察不停地敲门。
example sentence not found
 This clock has three hands.     这块表有三个指针。
 She extracted a small notebook from her handbag.     她从手提包里取出了一个小笔记本。
 A handbook of directions and other information, especially for travelers or tourists.     旅游指南，参考手册载有说明或其他资料的手册，尤指为旅行者或观光者提供的
 We invited twenty people, but only a handful of them came.     我们邀请了20 个人，但只来了寥寥数人。
 He was handicapped by lack of education.     他因文化水平低而吃了亏。
 The social worker advised them to put their handicapped child into care.     社会工作者建议他们将其残疾儿送到福利院去。
 She embroidered her initials on the handkerchief.     她把她姓名的起首字母绣在手帕上。
 We don't handle that sort of book.     我们不经销那一类书。
example sentence not found
 The machine was rendered useless by unskillful handling.     由于操作不熟练，机器给弄得没有用了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her bridegroom is a handsome young man.     她的新郎是一个英俊的年轻人。
 She astonished me with her beautiful handwriting.     她以其秀丽的书法而使我惊异。
 A few more traveller's cheques may come in handy on the holiday.     多带几张旅行支票，度假时会有用的。
 He hanged himself in sorrow after his wife died.     妻子死后，他因悲伤而自缢。
 One more thing, I also need a couple more of hangers.     还有一件事，我还需要两三个衣架。
example sentence not found
 I happened to see her yesterday.     我昨天碰巧见到她。
 What's happening?     近来怎么样?
 How did you do your work? I did my work happily.     你怎样做你的工作？ 我很快乐地做了我的工作。
 Money can't buy happiness.     金钱买不来幸福。
 I wish you a happy birthday.     祝你生日快乐。
 He always looks harassed.     他老是愁眉苦脸。
 There is a report about a sexual harassment in the office on this newspaper.     今天的报纸上有一篇关于办公室里的性骚扰的报道。
 The cuckoo is a harbinger of spring.     布谷鸟预告春天的来临。
 Harboring criminals is an offence in law.     窝藏罪犯是犯法的。
 He harbours a secret grudge against his father.     他对父亲暗怀不满。
 That was a hard time.     那是一段艰难的日子。
 His face hardened at the word.     他听到这话，脸沉了下来。
example sentence not found
 You can hardly blame me if you don't like the place, as you were the one who begged me to take you there.     如果你不喜欢那地方，你绝不该怪我，因为是你求我把你带到那去的。
 I can't open the door with hardness of stone.     我不能打开那扇石门。
 Mountaineering is attractive especially to young people because it is accompanied with hardship and adventure.     登山很吸引人，特别是对年轻人来说，因为它伴随着艰难险阻。
 We deal in hardware but not software.     我们只经营硬件而不经营软件.
 Strawberry is hardy and easy to grow in all soil.     草莓耐寒，各种土壤里都容易生长。
 He took a bead on the hare and then fired.     他瞄准了野兔，然后开枪。
 His failures did his reputation a lot of harm.     他屡次失败使他的声誉受到很大损害。
 The new law was in a measure harmful.     新的法律在某种程度上说是有害的
 This snake is harmless.     这条蛇是无毒的。
 A brief melodic or harmonic unit often constituting the base for a larger phrase or structure.     音型一组短而连贯的音符或和弦构成的基本音型，经常为一更大的乐曲或结构构成基础
 The sky and the sea make a harmonious picture.     天空和大海构成了一幅和谐的画面。
 His tastes are in harmony with mine.     他的爱好和我的相同。
 The cashier died in harness.     出纳员以身殉职。
 Expulsion from school is a harsh form of punishment.     开除学籍是严厉的惩罚.
 We all helped the harvest.     我们都帮忙收割。
 He has hashed up the whole plan.     他把整个计划搞得一团糟。
 In his haste, he forgot to bring his glasses with him.     匆忙之中，他忘了带眼镜。
 Some of our staff are to be dismissed, but I hasten to add you won't be among them.     有些职员要被解雇，不过请放心，你不在此列。
 I don't think it's right to make such a hasty decision.     我认为如此仓促地做出决定是不正确的。
 Prizes went to the first three out of the hat.     奖品为随意挑选出来的前三人所得。
 Chicks are hatching from the eggs.     小鸡正从蛋壳里孵出来。
 They hate each other.     他们彼此憎恨。
 Ironing shirts is a hateful job.     熨衬衫是件讨厌的工作。
 Strong dislike or hatred; abhorrence.     憎恶强烈的不喜欢或厌恶；憎恨
 Some of the more haughty of aristocracy did take exception at his neglecting to raise his cap to them.     一些较为傲慢的贵族对于他不记得向他们脱帽致敬大为不满。
 After a good day's fishing they hauled in the nets and went home.     他们捕了一天的鱼, 收起鱼网满载而归.
 A spirit haunts the castle.     幽灵常出没于古堡。
 Have you got a pencil?     你有铅笔吗？
 He came to see us after I have haven my breakfast.     我吃过早饭后，他来看我们了。
 The earthquake has made great havoc of the city.     地震给这个城市造成了巨大的破坏。
 The hawk snatched the chicken and flew away.     老鹰抓住小鸡飞走了。
 The children snuggled down on the hay.     孩子们舒适地蜷伏在干草上。
 He hazarded all his money in the attempt to save the business.     他为挽救这家企业，不惜冒险投入他的全部金钱。
 Investment is a hazardous business; even those who are in the swim sometimes come a cropper.     投资是一项风险事业，就是那些懂行的人有时也会栽跟头。
example sentence not found
 Where's your brother?' He's in Paris.'     ｀你哥哥在哪里?＇｀他在巴黎.＇
 Please raise your head and look at the blackboard.     请抬起头来，看黑板。
 I've got a headache.     我头痛。
example sentence not found
 He stumbled and took a header into the ditch.     他跌了一跤而栽到沟去了。
 What heading does this come under?     这个编在什麽标题之下?
 A headline on the front page draws attention to the fuller story inside.     扉页上的大字标题为的是吸引你注意里面的详细内容。
 Little Marry carried on for ten minutes after she fell headlong.     小玛丽摔了个倒栽葱后,哭闹了十分钟。
 Our headmaster is a despotic person.     我们的校长是个专横的人。
example sentence not found
 The company wants to situate its headquarters in the north.     公司想把总部设在北方.
 She's hopelessly headstrong; she always gets up against people around her.     她任性得无要救药，老是同周围的人闹别扭。
 Time heals most troubles.     时间会消除痛苦。
 Smoking is not good for your health.     吸烟对你的健康没有好处。
 His inmost thoughts are not healthy.     他心灵深处的思想是不健康的。
 We have heaps of time.     我们有很多时间。
 I've got heaps to tell you.     我有很多话要跟你说.
 If we don't give her what she wants we'll never hear the end of it.     我们若不满足她的要求，这事就没完没了了。
 Her hearing is poor.     她的听觉不灵。
 Let's get to the heart of the matter.     让我们谈谈这件事的核心部分。
 Although there was still a faint heartbeat, he was to all intents and purposes dead.     他虽然仍有隐隐心搏, 但从身体各方面看已经死亡.
example sentence not found
 They expressed their heartfelt gratefulness to us.     他们向我们表达了他们衷心的感激。
 An open recess for holding a fire at the base of a chimney; a hearth.     壁炉用于在烟囱底部燃火的敞口的凹窝；炉床
 Tell him you Aunt Celeste heartily approves and wishes you both happiness forever.     请转告他，Celeste姑妈完全赞成这门婚事，并衷心地祝福你们永远幸福。
 Grandfather will be80 years old, but he is hale and hearty.     祖父就要80高龄了，但仍精神矍铄。
 We'll heat some water to wash clothes.     我们会热点儿水洗衣服。
 The act or process of pressing clothes with a heated iron.     熨用加过热的熨斗熨压衣物的行为或过程
 He is bathing by heater.     他正用加热器洗澡。
 Switch the heating on Im cold!     把暖气打开吧--我冷!
 Heave ho, my hearties!     伙伴们, 用力呀!
 If there's a heaven on earth, this is it!     人间若有天堂, 非此莫属!
 The sun, moon and stars are heavenly bodies.     太阳、月亮和星星都是天体。
 The truck was heavily loaded.     这辆卡车装载很重。
 Nobody can lift the heaviness that the sad news have leave with her.     谁也无法减轻这个坏消息给她带来的悲痛。
 Dont go so heavy on the sauce!     沙司不要加得太多!
example sentence not found
 We had better get under the lee of the hedge until the rain stops.     我们最好在树篱下躲一躲等雨停。
 The hedgehog rolled up into a spiky ball.     刺　卷起身子成了一个刺球.
 Storm warnings are clearly displayed on motorways, but many drivers still take no heed of them.     汽车道上醒目地放着有暴风雪的告示，但许多司机们却没留心。
 The police were on our heels.     警察紧追着我们。
 The police were on our heels.     警察紧追着我们。
 They looked down from a giddy height.     他们从令人眩晕的高度往下看。
 It's the music to heighten the dramatic effect.     那是用于提高戏剧效果的配乐。
 He is the only legal heir of the rich man.     他是这位富翁的唯一法定继承人。
 The robber abduct the heiress and hold her to ransom.     强盗劫持了女继承人并向她索取赎金。
 Three men were lifted by helicopter from the burning ship.     直升飞机把三个男人从燃烧著的船上吊起.
 His life has been hell since his wife came back.     他妻子回来以后，他的生活苦不堪言。
 Hello, it's me.     喂, 是我呀.
 Jerry: I never had a beard. I kept my hair inside the helmet.     杰端：我以前是从不留胡子，我头发是在头盔里。
 Trade helps industry to develop.     贸易促进工业发展。
 One that assists; a helper.     助手（提供）帮助的人；助手
 Lionel asked me how things were going at work, but I suspect he was just fishing for information that might be helpful to his own company.     莱昂内尔问我工作情况如何，不过我怀疑他只是想探听一些可能对他自己公司有帮助的消息。
 In a situation of great difficulty or perplexity; helpless.     处于一个非常困难或迷惑的境地；无助的
 In the northern hemisphere, spring is in March and April.     在北半球，春季是三月和四月。
 The protein that is a constituent of hemoglobin.     球蛋白由血红蛋白构成的蛋白
 A hemorrhage of corporate earnings.     公司财产的巨额流失
 The cock has brighter coloured feathers than the hen.     雄鸟的羽毛比雌鸟的艳丽。
 Handmade and hence expensive.     手工制造，因此很贵
 Henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination.     从此以后，避免海关检查将会更加困难。
example sentence not found
 That's her book.     那是她的书。
 In England the cuckoo is the herald of spring.     在英国杜鹃鸟是报春的使者。
 The essence drawn out from this medicinal herb is good for high blood pressure.     从这种药草提炼出来的精华对治疗高血压有效。
 Honeysuckle is often an ingredient of some herbal medicine.     金银花常是草药的一种成份。
 The herdsman looks after a herd of animals.     牧人放牧着一群牲畜。
 The fact that I don't like your fiance is neither here nor there what matters is what you feel.     我不喜欢你那未婚夫，这是题外话－－问题在於你意下如何。
 Hope to win salvation hereafter.     希望将来得到灵魂拯救
example sentence not found
 The disease is hereditary.     这种病有遗传性。
 Herein lies the keys to the questions.     里面包含着问题的答案。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Requests the acceptance of a fountain pen forwarded herewith.     奉上钢笔一支，聊表敬意，务请笑纳。
 Telling conservationists that we need to preserve the natural heritage really is preaching to the converted!     向自然资源保护论者宣讲需要保护自然界遗产的道理, 真是多此一举.
 The closing music fades out when the hero rides off into the sunset.     当男主角策马向夕阳驰去时，尾声音乐逐渐消失。
 Heroic characteristics or qualities; courage.     英雄品质，英勇英雄的特征或品质；英勇
 Heroin is a killer.     海洛因是致命的毒品.
 The heroine of the film is an aged woman.     影片的女主角是一位老妇人。
 Your appearance is identical to hers.     你的相貌和她的一模一样。
 She cannot have written the letter herself.     这封信不可能是她自己写的。
example sentence not found
 The state or quality of being hesitant.     犹豫迟疑不决的状态或迟疑不决的性质
example sentence not found
 I hesitated about taking his side until I knew the whole story.     我在完全了解事实真相后，才打消顾虑，支持他的立场。
 There is no room for hesitation.     没有犹豫的余地。
 The quality or state of being heterogeneous.     多种多样含有多种成分的性质或状态
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Hey! For goodness sake.     嗨！看在上帝份上。
example sentence not found
 Hi, Maxine I need your advice. Got a minute?     嗨，麦卡西。我想听一下你的建议。有时间吗？
 The hams were cured over a hickory fire.     火腿在山核桃树枝燃起的火上薰制。
 An embassy that was compromised by hidden listening devices.     因隐藏着窃听器而处于险境的大使馆
 I hid the broken plate behind the table.     我把打碎的盘子藏在餐桌后面了。
 She calls the new opera house that hideous erection.     她把新歌剧院叫作 “那讨厌的庞然大物”。
example sentence not found
 One who occupies a position of authority in a religious hierarchy.     祭祀长，高僧，大主教掌握高级职位或有权威的宗教领袖
 He likes swimming in high summer.     他喜欢在盛夏游泳。
example sentence not found
 The highland chieftain has two daughters.     高地酋长有两个女儿。
 Press the setup button to display the setup menu, and move the highlight down to audio.     按Setup键显示Setup菜单，然后移动亮条到Audio选项上。
 The highlight of our tour was seeing the palace.     我们旅游中最有意思的活动就是参观宫殿.
 His paintings are highly original.     他的作品很独特。
 He was charged obstructing the highway.     他因阻碍公路交通而受控告。
 There is no sign of a let-up in the hijack crisis.     绑架危机毫无缓和迹象.
 Take a hike!     哪儿凉快哪儿歇着去吧。
 The party get quite hilarious after they bring more wine.     当他们拿来更多葡萄酒後聚会变得十分热闹起来。
 This hill is grassy.     这座小山上的草长得很茂盛。
 The soldiers fanned out across the hillside in their search for the man.     士兵们在山腰上成扇形散开，搜索那个男人。
 Have him return my call.     让他给我回电话。
 His new house was built by himself, brick by brick.     他的新房子是他自己一块砖一块砖砌起来的。
 The dog was sitting on his hind legs.     那只狗用它的後腿端坐着。
 The crowd hindered him from leaving.     人群使他无法脱身。
 She regarded him as a hindrance.     她认为他是一个障碍。
 A casement is a window that opened by means of hinge at the side.     竖铰链窗是一种用边上的铰链开启的窗户。
 I thought they'd never go some people just can't take a hint!     我以为他们是永远也不会走的－－有些人根本就不明白别人的暗示。
example sentence not found
 The thigh bone is connected to the hip bone.     股骨连著髋骨.
example sentence not found
 We hired an advertising company for help to sell our product.     我们雇用了一家广告公司来推销我们的产品。
 This book is his, not yours.     这本书是他的，不是你的。
 Hearing the hiss of gas, he rushed in and turned it off.     听到煤气的嘶嘶声，他冲进来把它关掉。
example sentence not found
 The historian search for primary source of information about the past.     历史学家寻找有关过去的原始资料来源。
 The small symbols on this map denote historic places and museums.     这个地图上的小记号表示史迹兴博物馆。
 People wore historical costumes for the parade.     人们穿著古装参加游行.
 The English language has an interesting history.     英语有着饶有趣味的发展历史。
 The record was a big hit and sold a million copies.     这张唱片非常成功，卖了一百万张。
example sentence not found
 In the execution of a computer program, to load a segment of the computer program in a storage area hitherto occupied by parts of the computer program that are not currently needed.     在计算机程序执行中，把一个计算机程序段装入在此以前被当前不需要的程序部分所占用的存储器区域中。参阅formoverlay。
 The car hits the child and she pitch over backwards.     汽车把那孩子撞了，她重重向後倒下。
 She screamed herself hoarse.     她把嗓子喊哑了。
 Some people like horseback ride, but I prefer golf as a hobby.     一些人喜欢马术，但是我宁愿把打高尔夫球作为一种业余爱好。
 I'd like to hoe in the field.     我愿在田里锄地。
 The sailors hoisted the flags in the morning.     水手们早晨把旗子升起来。
 Hold yourself still for a moment while I take your photograph.     我给你拍照的那一刹那, 你不要动。
example sentence not found
 The reproduction of copyright material without the permission of the copyright holder is banned by law.     没有版权所有人的允许复制受版权保护的资料是法律所不允许的。
 We are holding a meeting.     我们正在开会。
 There is a hole in my sock.     我的袜子上有个洞。
 According to your contract, you get 15 days' paid holiday a year.     根据你的合同，你每年有十五天的带薪假期。
 His protests on human rights sound hollow.     他就人权问题提出的抗议听来很空洞。
 It is unthinkable that we shall allow a nuclear holocaust to occur.     我们若竟让核武器大屠杀的惨剧发生，简直是匪夷所思。
example sentence not found
 You can find this sentence in the Holy Bible.     你可以在圣经上找到这句话。
 Is he home from work?     他下班回家了吗？
 Steadfast in allegiance to one's homeland, government, or sovereign.     忠心的对自己的祖国，政府或主权无限忠诚的
 Can I enlist your help in collecting money for the people made homeless by the flood?     你能帮助我们募集款项，救济因水灾而无家可归的人吗？
 Luke's homely, unpretending style, and his pleasing address catch the ear of the people.     卢克朴实而不矜持的作风以及讨人喜欢的谈吐使得人们都很愉快。
 The machines here are all homemade.     这里的机器都是国产的。
example sentence not found
 Now I know where to go when I feel homesick.     现在我知道想家的时候该去哪儿了。
 There is a leafy forest in our hometown.     在我们的家乡有一片树叶茂密的森林。
 I like doing my homework.     我喜欢做我的家庭作业。
 A dense, homogeneous rock with constituents so fine that they cannot be seen by the naked eye.     隐晶岩，非显晶岩一种成分细密肉眼不能看到的致密同质岩石
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her husband is an honest man.     她的丈夫是一个诚实的人。
 I respect you for your honesty.     由於你为人正直, 我对你十分敬重.
 No bees, no honey; no work, no money.     【谚】无蜂则无密，不劳则无酬。
 The suite is for the honeymoon couple.     这套房是为新婚夫妇设的。
 He won honor for his courage.     他以勇气赢得大家的尊敬。
 His conduct speaks him honorable.     他的行为表明他是可敬的。
 Fifty heads of state attended the Queen's coronation to do her honour.     五十位国家元首参加了女王的加冕典礼，向女王表示敬意。
 Please hook the rope over the nail.     请把绳子挂在那根钉子上。
 Hop in, I'll give you a lift to the station.     上车吧, 我开车送你去车站.
 I called in the hope of finding her at home.     我希望她能在家才给她打的电话。
 Let me strike a hopeful note: this job will not be as difficult as you imagine.     让我说句乐观的话，这工作不会像你所想像的那么困难。
 Hopefully, we'll arrive before dark.     我们可望天黑以前到达.
 Her room is in a hopeless muddle.     她的房间弄得不堪设想地混乱。
 The whole edifice of his hopes was destroyed.     他心中的希望整个都毁了。
example sentence not found
 The sun sank below the horizon.     太阳已沈入地平线。
 The sun rises from the horizontal line.     太阳从地平线上升起。
 A device used to determine geographic direction, usually consisting of a magnetic needle or needles horizontally mounted or suspended and free to pivot until aligned with the magnetic field of Earth.     指南针用于确定地理方向的设备，通常包括一个或多个水平安装或悬挂的磁针，可在枢轴上自由活动直到与地球磁场在一条线上
 A chemical, such as a hormone, a fungicide, or an insecticide, that improves the production of crops.     农药，农用化学品用来增加作物产量的化学品，如激素、杀菌剂、杀虫剂
 He is an agreeable fellow, but likes to blow his own horn.     他是一个随和的人，但就是喜欢自吹自擂。
 What horrible weather!     这天气多讨厌！
example sentence not found
 He was filled with horror at the bad news.     听到这个坏消息，他心里充满恐怖。
 He saddled up his horse and rode away.     他给马装上鞍子便骑马离去了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The rubber hose is playing out.     卷着的橡皮软管正在放开。
 The hospitable host had his spare room emptied very quickly for the honoured guest.     好客的主人很快为尊贵的客人腾空了闲置着的房间。
 When I left the hospital I was completely cured.     出院时，我已经完全痊愈了。
 Mrs Brown is known for her hospitality.     布郎太太以好客闻名。
example sentence not found
 Which country will be the host country for the next Olympic Games?     哪个国家将是下届奥运会的主办国？
 He kept the pilot as a hostage.     他把驾驶员当做人质。
 The Probation Officer got Andrew a job in the paper-mills and arranged board and lodging for him in the Working Boys’ hostel.     缓刑犯监视员在纸厂里替安德鲁找到一份工作，并在职工宿舍安排了他的膳宿。
 One of hostesses on tonight's show is Mary.     今晚的女主持之一是玛丽。
 He shielded me from hostile criticism.     他庇护我使我免受怀敌意的批评。
 This dish is a bit hot.     这道菜有些辣。
 I have engaged a room at this hotel.     我已经在这个旅馆里预订了一个房间。
 He has been hounded by his creditors in the past few months.     近几个月来，他一直被债主追债。
 The London bus departs every hour on the hour.     伦敦的公共汽车每小时零分开出一趟。
example sentence not found
 The trains leave at hourly intervals.     列车每隔一小时开出一趟。
 I found your coat after you had left the house.     你离开房子之后，我发现了你的外衣。
 The members of one's family or childhood household; one's relatives.     亲属某家庭或童年家庭的成员；某人的亲属
 The housekeeper is a very picky woman.     这个家庭主妇是位特别爱挑剔的人。
example sentence not found
 She is a career woman rather than a housewife.     她是职业妇女而不是家庭主妇。
 We alternate in doing the housework.     我们轮流做家务。
 The new housing estate stretches beyond the playing-fields.     新的住宅区一直延伸到游乐场的那一边.
 The hawk is hovering overhead.     鹰在头顶上盘旋。
 He doesn't know how to use the computer.     他不知道怎样使用计算机。
 In one's own home, one can act however one wishes.     一个人在自己家里，可以爱怎么做就怎么做。
 The baby howled all night.     那婴儿哇哇地哭了一夜。
example sentence not found
 The capital and largest city of Malaysia, on the southwest Malay Peninsula northwest of Singapore. Founded by tin miners in1857, it is the commercial and industrial hub of the country. Population, 937,817.     吉隆坡马来西亚的首都和最大城市，位于马来半岛的西南部、新加坡西北。于1857年由锡矿工人建立，现为该国的商业和工业中心。人口937，817
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He huddled the children into the automobile.     他急急忙忙地把孩子们推进汽车。
 A neutral hue.     中性色彩
 The president hugged himself with pleasure over the quick withdrawal from the gulf war.     总统为自己能从海湾战争中见好就收感到暗自庆幸。
 Huge earrings dangled from her ears.     她的耳朵上吊着巨大的耳环。
 The hull of a ship loomed up suddenly through the fog.     一条船的船体突然黑压压地在雾中出现。
 Hullo! Who's that, taking my name in vain?     喂！是谁在那儿议论我？
 She continued to hum the song over and over.     她一遍又一遍地不断哼唱那支歌。
 The archaeologists have found several human skeletons.     考古学家已经发现了几具人的骨骼。
 A humane society always does well by its old people.     一个仁慈的社会对待老人总是很好。
example sentence not found
 The rich man was praised as a humanitarian because he donated a lot of money.     这个富翁因为捐了许多钱而被称赞为慈善家。
 Such a man is a stain to humanity.     这种人是人类的耻辱。
 Knowledge makes humble; ignorance make proud.     【谚】知识使人谦虚，无知使人骄傲。
example sentence not found
 The humid climate didn't agree with him.     那潮湿的气候对他不合适.
 Humidity is a measure of moisture in the atmosphere.     湿度是空气内含水分多少的量度.
 He felt humiliated when the teacher scolded him in front of the whole class.     老师在全班同学面前批评他使他感到羞辱。
 I felt humiliation at her remarks.     听到她的话我感到受辱。
 Jack was late was in a bad humor.     杰克迟到了，心情不好。
 She writes humorous songs when she is in the right vein.     她在心情不好的时候写诙谐的歌曲。
 A sense of humour is prerequisite to understanding her work.     要理解她的作品就必须具有幽默感。
 There are more than five hundred people on the playground.     运动场上有五百多人。
 I could give you the hundredth reason for not going.     我能给你讲出第一百个不去的理由。
 The beggar fell down in a swoon from sheer hunger.     那个乞丐饿得晕倒了。
 She is hungry for news of her husband working abroad.     她渴望得到国外工作的丈夫的消息。
 The huntsman and I hunt the animals out of the garden.     猎人和我把动物赶出花园。
 The fox ran away before the hunter shot it.     那只狐狸在猎人向它射击前跑掉了。
 The hunter agreed to take us to go hunting tomorrow.     那位猎人同意明天带我们去打猎。
 I'll hurl him out of the club if he dare tell the secret!     如果他胆敢泄密，我就要把他赶出俱乐部。
example sentence not found
 The hurricane has a speed of 73 miles per hour.     飓风每小时73英里。
 She hurried to the airport.     她匆匆赶往机场。
 She hurt my feelings.     她伤害了我的感情。
 The soldiers husband their strength and their food, waiting for the enemy to attack.     士兵们养精畜锐，节约粮草，以期反击敌人的进攻。
 There was a sudden hush.     突然肃静下来。
 The mother hustled the children off to school and started working.     母亲打发孩子们赶快去上学，然后就开始干起活来。
 We heard the rain spattering down on the roof of the hut.     我们听到雨滴滴答答打在小屋的顶上。
 The hybrid offspring of a coyote and a feral dog.     科伊狗丛林狼和野狗的杂交后代
 The building is made of hydraulic cement.     大楼是用水硬水泥建造的。
 A process by which the hydrocarbon molecules of petroleum are broken into simpler molecules, as of gasoline or kerosene, by the addition of hydrogen under high pressure and in the presence of a catalyst.     氢化裂解将石油的含氢分子分裂成更简单的分子（象汽油和煤油的分子）的过程，此分裂过程是在加催化剂及高压氢气的条件上进行的
example sentence not found
 Water is composed of hydrogen and oxygen.     水由氢和氧组成。
 People should wash regularly to ensure personal hygiene.     人们应经常洗澡以保证个人卫生。
 A Protestant hymn melody.     赞美诗曲调新教赞美诗的曲调
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She strongly denounced the Government's hypocrisy.     她强烈谴责政府虚伪.
example sentence not found
 Several conclusions flow from this hypothesis.     从这项假设中可以得出几个结论。
 The actual or hypothetical organism or stock from which later kinds evolved.     物种原形演化成后来各物种的真实存在的或假设的有机物
example sentence not found
 Affected by the vapors; given to spells of hysteria or low spirits.     易忧郁的，忧郁症的被忧郁影响的；被施加了歇斯底里或情绪低落的咒语的
 She went into hysterics.     她歇斯底里大发作.
example sentence not found
 I see what you mean.     我明白你的意思。
 The lake was iced over.     湖面结冰了。
 In winter the lake is covered with ice.     冬天时湖面上覆盖着冰。
example sentence not found
 I refuse to put money into some half-baked plan to grow pineapples in Iceland.     我拒绝把钱投到在冰岛种植菠萝的不周全的计划中去。
 Arrange the icon of all minimize application across the bottom of the screen.     沿着屏幕的底部排列所有最小化的应用程序。
example sentence not found
 He felt hurt by their icy welcome.     他们冷淡的欢迎让他觉得受到伤害。
example sentence not found
 He has some pretty strange political ideas.     他有一些很奇怪的政治信念。
 It is an ideal day for a picnic.     这是一个出外野餐的理想日子。
 Jefferson's courage and idealism were based on knowledge.     杰斐逊的勇气和理想主义是建立在知识的基础上的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This is the identical hotel we stayed at last year.     这就是我们去年住过的旅馆。
example sentence not found
 The study of fingerprints as a method of identification.     指纹学对指纹作为确认身份的一种方法的研究
example sentence not found
 One can not identify happiness with wealth.     幸福和财富不能混为一谈。
 The police asked him to show his identity card.     警察让他出示身份证。
 An advocate of a particular ideology, especially an official exponent of that ideology.     理论家，倡导者某一理论的提倡者，尤指对此意识形态的正式阐释
 A word, a phrase, or an idiom peculiar to the English language, especially as spoken in England; a Briticism.     英国习语，英国特有用词，英国式的语言现象英语，尤其是在英语口语中所特有的单词、短语或习惯用语；英国式语言现象
 He speaks idiomatic English.     他说道地的英语。
 What a stupid idiot!     真是个愚蠢的白痴!
 We can't afford to have all this expensive machinery lying idle.     让所有这些机器闲置着，我们可负担不起损失。
 The closure of the large factory made many workers live in idleness.     那家大工厂倒闭，使许多工人失业。
 The fans of the actress craned their necks to catch a glimpse of their idol.     那位女演员的崇拜者们伸长了脖子想看一看他们崇拜的偶像。
 Where does this belong? ie Where is it kept?     这个应该在什麽地方?
 Listen to the tune see if you can remember the words.     请听这曲子－－看你能不能想得起歌词来。
 A small solid cylinder of a spark-producing alloy, used in lighters to ignite the fuel.     （打火机用的）电石一种由能产生火星的、坚硬的合金小圆柱体，用于点燃打火机燃料
 Pleading ignorance of the law won't help you if you are caught.     假若因犯法被抓住，藉口不知是犯法亦无济於事。
 She regarded her critics as ignorant and prejudiced.     她认为那些批评她的人既无知又存有偏见。
 If you ignore your diet, trouble will follow.     如果你忽视自己的饮食，必然会遇到麻烦
 You should not speak ill of your friend.     你不应该说你朋友的坏话。
 Their speculative buying of grain is illegal.     他们投机购买谷物是不合法的。
 The lettering on the gravestone was badly worn and almost illegible.     墓碑上的文字已严重磨损难以辨认.
 Kept or done in secret, often in order to conceal an illicit or improper purpose.     秘密的，暗中的保密的或秘密进行的，常为隐藏一个非法的或不正当的目的
 Illiteracy, a serious handicap in life.     文盲，生活中的严重障碍
 You must be an illiterate if you've never heard of Marx.     要是连马克思也没听说过，那你一定是个文盲。
 Too much work and too little rest often lead to illness.     过量的工作和过少的休息会引起疾病。
 The lights that illuminate the audience section of a concert hall, a theater, or an auditorium.     观众席照明灯照亮音乐厅、戏院或报告厅的观众席的灯
 The illumination of the manuscript is delicate.     这个手稿的装饰很精致。
 I was under the illusion that he was honest until he was caught stealing some money.     他偷钱当场被人抓住，在此之前我一直误以为他是个老实人。
example sentence not found
 He pointed at the diagram to illustrate his point.     他指着图表来说明他的论点。
 To give a definition of a word is more difficult than to give an illustration of its use.     给一个词下定义要比举例说明它的用法困难。
 They concentrated on better definition of the optical image.     他们致力於提高该光学影像的鲜明度.
 It would be the greatest imaginable privation for her to have to leave London.     对她来说, 不得不离开伦敦大概是能想像到的最大的损失.
 People still have a general fear for the imaginary infernal powers.     人们对于虚构的地狱中的鬼神仍具有一种普遍的恐惧。
 You didn't really see a ghost, it's only imagination.     你并没有真地看见鬼，这仅仅是幻象。
 He is an imaginative writer.     他是个富有想象力的作家。
 You can imagine how surprised I was.     你可以想象我是多么惊讶。
example sentence not found
 You should imitate great and good people.     你应仿效伟大善良的人。
 The house was built in imitation of a Roman villa.     这所房子是仿造古罗马别墅式的建筑。
 The doctrine that the material world is an immaterial product of the senses.     物质世界幻觉说认为物质世界是感觉的精神上产物的信仰
 Not ripe or matured; immature.     不成熟的未熟或成熟的；不成熟的
 This work demands your immediate attention.     这件工作急需你立即处理。
 The purpose may not be immediately evident.     这种目的不一定显而易见。
 The performance was immense.     演出极为成功。
 Please immerse the plant in water for a few minutes.     把那棵植物在水里浸泡几分钟。
 This country has assimilated immigrants from most of the countries of Europe.     这个国家同化了从欧洲大多数国家迁来的移民。
 My family and I are planning to immigrate to America next year. I have so many questions. Can you help me?     我的家人和我打算明年移民到美国，我有很多问题，你能帮我忙吗？
 The immigration officer stamped my passport.     移民官员在我的护照上盖了戳。
 No one has given out a warning of the imminent danger.     没有人对即将发生的危险发出警告。
 An evil, degrading, or immoral practice or habit.     不道德行为，恶习邪恶的、堕落的或者不道德的行为或者习惯
 He left behind an immortal example to all posterity.     他给后世留下了不朽的典范。
 The criminal was told he would be immune if he helped the police.     这个罪犯被告知，如果他协助警方就可以免于被起诉。
 They can't be prosecuted for this offence - they have diplomatic immunity.     他们不会因这次违法行为而受到检控 - 他们享有外交豁免权。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The front of the car crumpled on impact.     汽车的前部被撞扁了。
 On a communications link, noise or unwanted signals that impair the receipt or correct interpretation of speech or data.     在通信链路上出现的噪音或无用的信号，它损害语音、数据的接收或正确的解释。
 Any of various water-soluble pigments that impart to flowers and other plant parts colors ranging from violet and blue to most shades of red.     花青素一种可溶性颜料，可以使花和其它植物部位产生颜色，其颜色变化从紫色和蓝色到大多数红色
 Impartial; just; equitable.     公平的；公正的；无私的
 The governments showed growing impatience at the unions.     政府对工会表现得越来越不耐烦。
 I am impatient for his arrival.     我渴盼着他的到来。
 The reciprocal of impedance.     导纳阻抗的对等物
 He impedes me to do the job well.     他妨碍我把工作做好。
 Job creation has become an imperative for the government.     创造就业机会是政府必须做的事。
 Imperfect articles are rejected by our quality control.     我们进行质量检验时，有缺陷的产品均予剔除。
 The time has come to abandon the romantic view of Imperial history.     现在已经到了抛弃帝国历史的幻想的时候了。
 The expansion of Marxism to include both Lenin's concept of imperialism as the final form of capitalism and a shift in the focus of struggle from the developed to the underdeveloped countries.     马克思列宁主义马克思主义的延伸，包含了列宁的帝国主义是资本主义的最终表现形式的理论，并指出了斗争中心从发达国家到不发达国家的转移
 Like other imperialists, they played naked big-power politics.     和别的帝国主义者一样，他们也玩弄赤裸裸的强权政治。
 The historic strike gave an enormous impetus to the whole American labor movement.     这次历史性的罢工对整个美国的劳工运动起了很大的推动作用。
example sentence not found
 Implant a pacemaker; implant a drug capsule.     植入一个起搏器；植入一个药物胶囊
 The government is implementing a new policy to help the unemployed.     政府正在实施一项新的帮助失业者的政策。
example sentence not found
 An electrical gate or mechanical device which implements the logical OR operator. An output signal occurs whenever there are one or more inputs on a multichannel input. An OR gate performs the function of the logicalinclusive OR operation.     一种实现逻辑“或”算法的门电路或机械器件。当在其多通道输入端有一个或多个输入时就产生一个输出信号。“或”门实现逻辑“或操作”的功能。同ORelement。
 His enemies tried to implicate him (in the murder).     他的仇人竭力想把他牵扯进谋杀案中.
 Study the implications of the president's statement.     研究总统声明的含义.
 The system of rules implicit in a language, viewed as a mechanism for generating all sentences possible in that language.     语法规则隐含在一种语言中的规则体系，被看作在该语言中生成所有可能的语句的机制
 One journalist, an Italian, walked over and just calmly stood in front of the wretched men, implying that if the soldiers shot them, they would have to shoot him too.     一位意大利记者，走过去镇定地挡在了那群可怜无助的人身前，意思是说，士兵们要杀他们的话，得先把他杀了。
 I implore you to go now.     我恳求你现在就走吧。
example sentence not found
 His silence implied agreement.     他沉默不语意味着同意了。
 The import of cotton goods went up sharply in 1986.     在1986年，棉织品的进口猛增。
 We cannot emphasize too much the importance of learning English.     我们再怎样强调学英文的重要性也不为过。
 It's not as if he was very important in the company hierarchy.     他在公司的领导层中似乎无多大权力。
 The advocacy, system, or theory of protecting domestic producers by impeding or limiting, as by tariffs or quotas, the importation of foreign goods and services.     贸易保护主义通过关税或进口配额等措施阻碍或限制外国商品和服务性产业的进口从而保护国内生产者的主张、制度或理论
 That importer wishes to insure against All Risks.     那个进口商想要投保一切险。
 The judge imposed a fine of ten dollars on him.     法官判他罚款10 美元。
 She'd never think of imposing herself.     她决不想勉强别人接纳自己.
 I'd like to stay if it's not too much of an imposition on you.     要是不给你添太多麻烦的话，我倒是愿意留下来。
 It is an impossibility for you to do so.     你那样做是不可能的事。
 It's impossible for us to finish the work in one day.     我们在一天之内完成这份工作是不可能的。
 Either of the sides of an arch, curving down from the apex to an impost.     梁腋，拱腋拱门上任意一个从拱顶到拱墩间的部分
 The ideals or principles of a utopian; idealistic and impractical social theory.     乌托邦思想及理论空想社会主义者的理想或原则；理想但不切实际的社会主义学说
example sentence not found
 My father impressed me with the importance of hard work.     我父亲使我明白了努力工作的重要性。
 I am surprised you got an unfavorable impression of him.     我很惊讶你对他印象不佳。
 It's an impressive ceremony.     那是个难忘的仪式。
 They don't usually imprison first offenders.     他们通常不监禁初次犯罪的人。
 He was in the unenviable position of having to choose between imprisonment or exile.     他已陷於进退维谷的地步, 不是坐牢就是流放, 必须在两者间做出抉择.
 An impromptu visit broke up the long afternoon.     突然的造访打破了漫长的午后时光
 You will make a mistake by using the improper tool.     你用那种不恰当的工具会犯错误。
 I hope the weather will improve before Friday.     我希望星期五之前天气会好转。
 We all hope for an improvement in the weather.     我们都希望天气好转。
 The pianist forgot his music and had to improvise (the accompaniment).     弹钢琴的人把乐谱忘了, 只好即兴伴奏.
 We were seized by a sudden impulse to run.     我们身不由己突然想跑.
 Workers are removing impurities from silver.     工人们正去除银中的杂质。
 The telephone was in the little study on the ground floor.     电话在底楼的小书房里。
 The persistent inability to conceive a child.     不孕持续的不能怀孕的能力
 His busy schedule made him completely inaccessible to his students.     他的时间排得很满，学生根本无法和他接触。
 I must ask the readers' kind indulgence for any inaccuracies and omissions that may possibly occur.     我必须请求读者原谅可能出现的错误和疏漏。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I don't want to lead an inactive life.     我不想过沉闷的生活。
 The plan, brilliant in its conception, failed because of inadequate preparation.     那计划的构想倒是十分宏伟, 但终因准备不足而告吹.
example sentence not found
 Inasmuch as; since.     因为；由于
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Mr. Clinton was inaugurated as the President of the U.S.A.     克林顿就职美国总统。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He did incalculable harm to her reputation.     他严重损害了她的声誉。
 That child seems incapable of keeping out of (ie not getting into) mischief.     那个孩子不调皮捣蛋简直就受不了.
 The monk burned a stick of incense in the incense burner.     和尚在香炉里焚上一柱香。
 They don't try very hard if there is no incentive.     没有奖励，他们工作就不太努力。
 How many inches of rain fell last year?     去年的雨量是多少英寸？
example sentence not found
 The police are connecting this incident with last week's terrorist bombing.     警方认为这次事件和上周的恐怖分子爆炸事件有关。
 And, incidentally, it is a chronic complaint of wives that their husbands do not notice new dresses, new hats, and changes in household arrangements.     而且，顺便说一句，妻子们经常抱怨，他们的丈夫不注意新衣服、新帽子和家庭摆设的变化。
example sentence not found
 The captain was accused of inciting other officers to mutiny.     该上尉被控煽动军官叛变。
 She is not free to follow her own inclination in the matter ofmarriage.     她的婚姻不能自主.
 I'm inclined to tiredness in winter.     我在冬天易于疲劳。
 We can go for a walk, if you feel so inclined.     你要是愿意的话, 咱们去散散步吧.
 Please include me in the list.     请把我列入名单中。
example sentence not found
 The monthly rent is$20 inclusive of everything.     ＂月房租总共二十美元，包括一切费用在内。＂
example sentence not found
 The senate was censured for income tax evasion.     这名参议员因逃避缴纳所得税而受到指责。
 Point through which the incoming traffic flow enters a switching stage.     输入通信量流进入交换站（台）所通过的地方。
example sentence not found
 The incompatible offices of prosecutor and judge.     检察官和法官的职位不能由一个人兼任
 Her handbooks are incomplete.     她的手册不完整。
 The state or quality of being incongruous.     不相称自相矛盾的情况或性质
example sentence not found
 Such behavior is inconsistent with her high-minded principles.     这样的行为与她情操高尚的原则是矛盾的。
 Please accept our apologies for any inconvenience we have caused.     若有不便，敬请原谅。
 They arrived at an inconvenient time ---we had just started the meal.     他们来得很不是时候，我们刚开始吃饭。
 We had to incorporate for a company for tax reasons.     鉴于税务原因，我们得组成公司。
 A principality of the United Kingdom on the western peninsula of the island of Great Britain. Incorporated with England since the Act of Union(1536), Wales has maintained its own distinct culture and a strong nationalist sentiment. Cardiff is the capital and the largest city. Population, 2,790,462.     威尔士英国大不列颠岛西部半岛之一地区。自联盟令（1536年）后与英格兰合并，它同时保持了自己的独特文化风格和强烈的民族主义情感。卡迪夫为其首府及最大城市。人口2，790，462
example sentence not found
 Not consistent with established truth, fact, or rule; incorrect.     错误的，不正确的与既定真相、事实或原则不一致的；错误的
 There was a steady increase in population.     人口在不断增长中。
 She came up with a new idea for increasing sales.     她想出了增加销售量的新主意.
 Nowadays we rely increasingly on computers for help/to help us.     现今人们越来越依赖计算机协助工作.
 That's the most incredible coincidence I've ever heard of!     那是我听说过的最难以置信的巧合！
 She looked incredulous.     她显出怀疑的样子。
 A finite increment in a variable.     变量增量变量的有限增量
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Incurred substantial losses during the stock market crash.     在股票市场剧跌时蒙受了巨大的物质损失
 The child has an incurable habit.     那孩子有个无法矫正的习惯。
 Owing something, such as gratitude, to another; indebted.     受惠的欠别人东西，如人情；感激的
example sentence not found
 The future of this firm will be very bleak indeed if we keep losing money.     要是我们继续亏本的话，这家公司的前途会非常黯淡。
 She'll be away for an indefinite period.     她将离开一段时间，何时回来未定。
 Continuing or lasting for an indefinitely long time.     长期的，长久的继续或保持无限长的时间的
 Act promptly to remove spots from these fabrics. The longer you delay, the more indelible will the mark become.     赶快动手把这些污点从这些织物上擦掉。拖延时间越长，就越难擦掉。
 Everyone should learn to indemnify oneself against harm.     每个人都应当，学会使自己不受伤害。
example sentence not found
 Please indent the first line of each paragraph.     请于每段第一行缩格书写。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The condition or quality of being autonomous; independence.     自主处于自主的状态或性质；独立
 They are a proud and independent people.     他们是独立自主的民族.
 The belief that nations will benefit from acting independently rather than collectively, emphasizing national rather than international goals.     国家主义国家将从独立发展中受益而不是和其他国家共同发展中受益的信仰，强调国家内部的自标而不是国家间的
 Do you know the price index in the city?     你知道这个城市的物价指数吗？
 India used to be a dependency of Britain.     印度过去是英国的附属地。
 These Indian guest are familiar with this book.     这些印度客人对这本书很熟悉。
 Research indicates that men find it easier to give up smoking than women.     研究表明，男人比女人更容易戒烟。
 Did he give you any indication of his feelings?     他向你表示过他的感情吗？
 Their failure to act is indicative of their lack of interest in the problem.     他们没有采取行动，表明他们对这个问题不感兴趣。
 A hand-held, button-activated input device that when rolled along a flat surface directs an indicator to move correspondingly about a computer screen, allowing the operator to move the indicator freely, as to select operations or manipulate text or graphics.     鼠标一种手用的、用按扭控制的输入设备，当在平台上滑动时可以相应地移动计算机屏幕上的指示箭头，使得操作者可以随意控制指示箭头，由此来选择项目、控制内容或作图
 A callous indifference to the suffering of others.     对他人之痛苦漠不关心的铁石心肠的人
 She seems indifferent, but deep down she's very pleased.     她貌似无动於衷, 其实心里非常高兴.
 Indians were the indigenous inhabitants of America.     印第安人是美洲的土著居民。
 She had an attack of indigestion yesterday.     她昨天消化不良。
 People are indignant by their shooting of innocent civilians.     对于他们枪杀无辜平民，人们感到义愤填膺。
 They felt strong indignation against their teacher.     他们对他们的老师感到强烈愤慨。
 His indirect way of telling me to leave annoyed me.     他那种不直截了当地让我离开的方式激怒了我。
example sentence not found
 I know Linda was only indirectly concerned in what took place.     我知道所发生的事情间接涉及到琳达。
 Savage, indiscriminate killing; a massacre.     血洗野蛮的、不加区别的杀戳；大屠杀
 A good dictionary is indispensable for learning a foreign language.     学习外语离不开好的词典。
 A low grumble or indistinct utterance.     咕哝低声地嘟哝或者不清楚地说话
 A teacher can't give individual attention to each pupil if his class is large.     如果班上的人数多，老师就不能给予个别辅导了。
 Individually, the children are quite nice, but in a group they badly behave.     这些孩子单独呆著时都挺不错，可是聚在一起就没规没矩了。
 You stay indoors too much.     你呆在室内的时间太多了。
 The heavy rain compelled us to stay indoors.     大雨迫使我们呆在户内。
 We couldn't induce the old lady to travel by air.     我们无法劝服那老太太乘飞机旅行。
 They have little inducement to work harder.     没有什么可以使他们更加努力工作。
example sentence not found
 He no longer indulged himself in smoking.     他不再过度吸烟了。
 I must ask the readers' kind indulgence for any inaccuracies and omissions that may possibly occur.     我必须请求读者原谅可能出现的错误和疏漏。
 The industrial revolution had taken place in England first.     工业革命首先在英国发生。
 Scottish-born American industrialist and philanthropist who amassed a fortune in the steel industry and donated millions of dollars for the benefit of the public.     卡内基，戴尔1888－1955美国教育家，因著有一本自我修养的书如何赢得朋友及影响人民（1936年）而闻名
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is an industrious worker.     他是一个勤劳的工人。
 Success comes with industry.     成功来自勤奋。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In his speech he kept pounding away at his opponent's inefficiency.     他在演说中不断攻击他的对手不称职。
 He's hopelessly inefficient, but I suppose he means well.     他低能得无以复加，然而却是出於好心。
 I've never heard anyone so inept at making speeches.     我从未听说过有这样不会讲话的人.
 There is an inert management team in our company.     我们公司的管理阶层死气沉沉。
 Because of the sheer inertia of the system many badly needed reform is never introduced.     纯粹是由於制度本身有惰性，很多事急需改革却从未实行。
 Positions surrendered to our troops earlier in the day had now to be prepared against the inevitable counter-attack.     那天早些时候迫使敌人放弃给我军的阵地现在需要布置起来，对付那必然的反攻。
 Inevitably, a quarrel followed between the two sides.     双方随後不可避免地争吵起来。
 An inexact result adequate for a given purpose.     近似值适用于给定目标的不精确结论
 An alloy of copper with zinc and sometimes other metals, used in making inexpensive jewelry.     顿巴黄铜铜与锌，有时还有其它金属的合金，用来制造廉价珠宝
 We don't want to hire inexperienced worker.     我们不想聘用没有经验的工人。
 Tadpoles are the infancy form of frogs.     蝌蚪是青蛙的幼年形态。
 The information industry is an infant industry in our country.     信息产业在我国是新兴产业。
example sentence not found
 An adult or a young person who behaves in an infantile way.     孩子气的人行为表现出孩子气的成年人或年轻人
 We have less infantry than the enemy.     我们的步兵比敌军少。
 The open wound soon became infected.     裸露的伤口很快就受到了感染。
 He was infected with a latent infection.     他被感染了一种潜伏性的传染病。
 People catch all kinds of infections in the winter.     冬天人们易患多种传染病。
 When you have this anthema, you are still infectious.     身上还有这种疹子就仍然有传染性。
example sentence not found
 Can I infer that you think I'm not telling the truth?     看来你认为我没说实话？
 She'd begun spending a lot of money, and the obvious inference was that she'd stolen it.     她花起钱来大手大脚了，事情很明显，钱是偷来的。
 These people occupy an inferior position in local society.     这些人在当地社会居于下等地位。
 Most people enjoy the inferiority of their best friend.     大多数人都以他们最好的朋友的自卑感为乐。
 He is gracious to his inferiors.     他待下级和蔼可亲。
 There is a warehouse infested by rats.     那有一个大批老鼠出没的仓库。
example sentence not found
 The number of positive numbers is infinite.     正数的数目是无穷的。
 That was infinitely better than his last film.     这比他上一部电影不知胜过多少倍。
example sentence not found
 Can you represent infinity to yourself?     你能在心想像无限吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The setting sun inflames the sky.     落日映红天空。
example sentence not found
 The discharge that is characteristic of this inflammation.     粘膜液体排出物具有这种炎症特征的排出物
example sentence not found
 There appears to be a growing discontent about inflation.     对通货膨胀似乎有一种日渐增长的不满情绪。
 Not bending; inflexible.     坚挺的不能弯曲的；坚挺的
 We should inflict severe chastisement on criminals.     我们应该对罪犯施加严厉的惩罚。
 Listening to the music has a calming influence on her.     听音乐对她起了一种镇静的作用。
 He used his influential friends to help him get into the civil service by the back door.     他利用那些有权有势的朋友帮助他走後门, 到政府行政部门任职.
 I have an influenza epidemic.     我得了流行性感冒。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Our only resort is to inform the police.     我们唯一的办法就是向警方报案.
 These words are informal.     这些词是非正式用语。
 Can you give me any information on this matter?     关于此事，你能给我提供什么消息吗？
 Sam placed his new book on one side for a year while he wrote some magazine articles and informative material.     萨姆把写新书的工作搁置了一年时间，在这段时间里他写了一些杂志文章和报道材料。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Difficult, incomplete, or infrequent evacuation of dry, hardened feces from the bowels.     便秘有困难的、不完全的或不经常从肠道排泄干燥且硬的大便
 They infringed on her rights.     他们侵犯了她的权力。
example sentence not found
 I have an ingenious contrivance to get her to sign the document without reading it.     我有一条不经她过目就签署文件的妙计。
 Something, such as a toy or game, that tests one's ingenuity.     测智力游戏检验一个人的智力的东西，例如玩具或游戏
 A small stone found in the stomach of some reptiles, fish, and birds that aids in digestion by helping grind ingested food material.     胃石一种小石头，常发现于某些爬虫、鱼和鸟的胃中，通过帮助碾磨食物来帮助消化
example sentence not found
 A source of nourishment, especially a nourishing ingredient in a food.     营养品，滋养物营养的来源，尤指食物中的营养成分
 Fish inhabit the sea.     鱼栖息于海中。
 A native or inhabitant of Elam.     埃兰人埃兰本地人或居民
 A chronic, progressive lung disease caused by prolonged inhalation of asbestos particles.     石棉沉着病由长期吸收石棉微粒而引起的慢性，日趋严重的肺病
 Follow me please, inhale! exhale!     跟我做，吸气!呼气!
 Inherent quality of character and temperament.     内在的气质性格、脾气的内在气质
 The oldest son will inherit the title.     长子将继承爵位。
 He was cheated (out) of his rightful inheritance.     他依法应得的遗产被人骗走了.
 A chemical substance used to destroy or inhibit the growth of plants, especially weeds.     灭草剂用来摧毁或抑制植物，尤指杂草的生长的化学物质
 A symbiotic relationship between organisms in which one species is harmed or inhibited and the other species is unaffected.     片害共栖有机体之间共生的作用关系，一个物种受另一个物种侵害或抑制，而后者不受前者的影响
 The inhibition of growth in one species of plants by chemicals produced by another species.     植物毒素抑制，植物相克一种植物的生长因另一种植物所产生的化学物质而被抑制
 The word `hour' is pronounced without an initial aspirate.     hour一字的开头字母h不发送气音.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She came initially to spend a few days, but in the end she stayed for a whole month.     起先她只打算来待几天，但後来却住了整整一个月。
example sentence not found
 The child displayed great initiative in going to fetch the police.     那孩子极为主动地把警察找来。
example sentence not found
 The nurse injected penicillin into her arm.     护士给她的胳膊注射了青霉素。
 I had a bad reaction after my typhoid injection.     我注射伤寒针剂後产生了不良反应。
 He injured his left hand in a fire.     他在火灾中伤了左手。
 The injury to their key player could be a decisive factor in the game.     他们主力队员受伤可能是这场比赛胜负的决定性因素。
 Wherever there is injustice, we try to help.     凡有不公正的地方, 我们都竭力相助匡正.
 The little boy stained his fingers with ink.     小男孩的手指让墨水给染脏了。
 Situated away from the sea; inland.     内河的远离海的；内陆的
 The capital of New Zealand, on an inlet of Cook Strait in extreme southern North Island. It was founded in1840 and supplanted Auckland as capital in1865. Population, 133,200.     威灵顿新西兰的首都，位于新西兰北岛最南端的库克海峡的小港内。建于1840年，在1865年它代替奥克兰成为首都。人口133，200
example sentence not found
 They put up at an inn for the night.     他们在一家小客栈里过夜.
 Her artificial gaiety disguised an inner sadness.     她以矫揉造作的快乐掩饰著内心的悲痛.
 The accused man proved his innocence of crime.     被告人经证实无罪。
 She asserted that he was innocent.     她断言，他是无罪的。
example sentence not found
 After being led by him, one innovation after another are showing.     从他领导后，一个又一个革新项目出现了。
 Any of innumerable small bodies thought to have orbited the sun during the formation of the planets.     星子任何数不清的小固体块，被认为曾在行星形成阶段中在围绕太阳的轨道上运行
 The material used in an inoculation.     接种体，种菌在接种中用的材料
 Farmers enrich the soil with organic and inorganic manures.     农民用有机肥料和无机肥料来提高土壤的肥力。
 I have inputted the data into a computer.     我已经把数据输入到计算机中了。
 We inquired the way of a boy.     我们向一个男孩问路。
 The inquiry was critical of her work.     该项调查对她的工作提出了批评。
 The room is 15 feet in length and 10 feet in breadth.     这房间长15英尺，宽10英尺。
 That person is insane.     那人精神错乱。
 She inscribed his name on the book.     她将他的名字题写于书上。
 Time and weather had long ago effaced the inscription on the monument.     岁月和风雨早已磨掉纪念碑上的铭文。
 Most of us would draw the line somewhere, like the man who said he'd try anything once except insect and folk dancing.     就像那个说他除了昆虫和民间舞蹈啥都想试试的人一样，我们大多数人心里都有个人界线，知道该在哪儿收手。
 A triangular insert, as in the seam of a garment, for added strength or expansion.     衬料一种三角形的插入物，在衣服的缝合处，为加固或加大衣服而用
 He put a coin into the insertion slot.     他往投币孔投入一枚硬币。
 We have to play inside because it is raining.     因为天下雨，我们不得不在屋里玩。
example sentence not found
 The book is filled with remarkable insights.     这本书很有真知卓见。
 It is a waste of time to listen to his insignificant talk.     听他那些废话纯属浪费时间。
 Insipid; weak; wishy-washy.     无味的；缺乏生气的；软弱无力的
 Since you insist, I must amend the letter of credit.     既然你坚持，我就只好修改信用证。
 You mustn't be late; he was most insistent about that.     你万不可迟到, 他对这一点最严格.
 Insofar as I can see, the representatives are all satisfied with the arrangement.     ＂据我了解，代表们对这一安排都感到满意。＂
 You insolent young puppy!     你这个目中无人的小子!
 A priority of payment given to one or more creditors by an insolvent debtor.     优先偿付由破产负债人给予一个或多个债权人的优先偿付
 Police were called out to keep at the airport, and inspect the arriving planes.     警察们被紧急召集起来去守卫机场，并对到达的飞机进行检查。
 I gave the radio a thorough inspection before buying it.     我把收音机彻底检查了一遍才买了下来。
 We had sundry visitations from the Tax Inspector.     税务检查员常来我们这里, 不胜其烦.
 Many poets and artists have drawn their inspiration from nature.     许多诗人和艺术家从大自然中获得他们的灵感。
 The sight inspired him with nostalgia.     这景象激起了他的怀旧之情。
 Never before have they been so inspired and so daring as at present.     从来没有看见他们像现在这样精神振奋，意气风发。
 The inspiring music acted on the emotions of the students.     那激昂的音乐使学生们情绪激昂。
 The riot can be considered a symptom of political instability.     这次暴动可看作是政治上不稳定的征兆。
 A tub for bathing, especially one installed in a bathroom.     浴缸澡盆，尤指固定设置在浴室内
 She installed her air-conditioner without help.     没请别人帮助，她自己安装了空调。
 The price of these product will just compensate the cost of equipment and installation of the line.     你方生产的产品价格将正好补偿我方提供的设备及安装生产线的费用。
 When will you pay the last installment of the loan?     你什么时候付清最后一期分期贷款？
 When will you pay the last instalment of the loan?     你什么时候付清最后一期分期贷款？
 He came at our instance.     他应我们的请求而来。
 I took an instant dislike to him.     我一见他就不喜欢。
 Death is instantaneous in a fatal accident.     在致命的事故中，死亡是即刻发生的。
example sentence not found
 It's an instantly recognizable face.     那是我一眼就能认得出的面孔。
 I made this cake specially, with brown sugar instead of white.     我特别地以红糖代替白糖做了这个蛋糕。
 Instinct is not always a good guide.     凭本能行事不一定都对.
 Set aside for a moment your instinctive dislike of the man.     暂且不要考虑你从直觉上憎恶他这一因素.
 The police instituted an inquiry into the cause of the accident.     警方开始调查事故的原因。
 A trustee is a member of managing business affairs of an institution.     理事是机构管理班子中的成员。
 I have been instructed by my agent that you still owe me 100 pounds.     我的代理人通知我，你还欠我100磅。
 The catechism is used for religious instruction.     教义问答法常用于宗教教学。
 The minister's visit to the prison was not instructive.     牧师这次探监没有意义。
 Our instructor told us to keep the room locked.     我们的教导员告诉我们把那间房锁上。
 The organization he had built up eventually became the instrument of his downfall.     他创建起来的组织到头来却成为促使他倒台的根本原因了。
 Our artistic director was instrumental in persuading the orchestra to come.     我们的艺术指导帮助请来管弦乐队。
example sentence not found
 His children were dwarfed by insufficient food.     他的儿女因营养不良而发育不全。
example sentence not found
 Cork is often used for insulation.     栓皮经常用作绝缘材料.
example sentence not found
 American-born Canadian physiologist noted for his work on the discovery and application of insulin.     贝斯特，查尔斯・赫伯特1899－1978美裔加拿大生理学家，因其对胰岛素的发现与应用方面的工作而著名
 He felt deeply insulted.     他觉得受了大辱。
 The accident prompted her to renew her insurance.     这一事故促使她为投保续期.
 I am insured for all risks.     我给自己保了综合险。
 His honor remained intact.     他的名誉完整无损。
 An opening providing a means of entrance or intake.     入口公开地提供入场的方式或入口
 It is an intangible asset, and so be not show as an asset in a company's account, unless it figured as part of the purchase price paid when acquiring another company.     商誉是一种无形资产，因为它不作为资产显示在公司的帐目中，除非收购另一公司时将它作为所付购买价格的一部分用数字来表示。
example sentence not found
 In a duplicator, a tank that may or may not be an integral part of the machine, providing a reservoir of fluid for the damping system.     复印机中的一个箱体，它可以是也可以不是复印机整体的组成部分，作为减震系统的液体容器。
example sentence not found
 I integrated your suggestions into my plans and this has improved them.     我把你的建议采纳到我的计划中，由此改进了我的计划。
 A plan for the solution of a problem; consists of planning and coding, numerical analysis, systems analysis, specification of printing formats, and any other functions necessary to the integration of a computer in a system.     为解决某一问题而作出的计划，包括规划和编码、数值分析、系统分析、打印格式规定以及把计算机结合进一个系统所必需的其它功能。
example sentence not found
 Our integrity as a nation is threatened by these separatist forces.     我们国家的完整受到了这些分裂主义势力的威胁。
 He is a child of great intellect.     他是个极具聪明才智的男孩。
 These views were common among intellectuals.     这些观点在知识分子中很普遍。
 You should use your intelligence.     你应该发挥你的聪明才智。
 Someone as intelligent as you should go far.     像你这样聪明的人一定很有作为。
 Readily comprehended or understood; intelligible.     易懂的易于理解或明白的；易懂的
 That remark was intended as a joke.     那句话本来只是个玩笑。
 Intense heat or glow, as of fire.     灼光强烈的热度或光芒，如火（一般）
 Her anger intensified.     她更加生气了.
 The poem showed great intensity of feeling.     这首诗表现出强烈的激情。
 This patient requires intensive care.     该病人需要加强护理。
 Your intent gaze made her uncomfortable.     你的注目凝视使她感到不自在。
 Have you heard of her intention to resign?     你听到她打算辞职的传闻了吗？
 His insult was intentional.     他的侮辱是有意的。
 The region occupied by a group of interacting organisms.     共生区由一群相互作用的生物体占据的区域
 The dynamics of bodies moving relative to gases, especially the interaction of moving objects with the atmosphere.     空气动力学相对于气体的物体移动，特别是移动物体与大气相互作用的动力学
 But its truly revolutionary character can be seen in its interactive potential.     但它真正革命的特性能够在其相互影响的潜力方面表现出来。
 The police had been intercepting my mails.     警方一直截查我的邮件。
 Effective defence is a matter of intercepting their missiles before they can reach us.     有效的防卫是不待对方导弹击中我们而先行将其拦截.
 The chief interchanged the diamond with some pieces of glass.     那首领拿一些玻璃块替换了那些钻石。
 A series of interconnected points.     一系列相互连接的点。
example sentence not found
 A friendly intercourse has been opened between the two countries.     两国已开始了亲密的往来。
 Politics has always interested me.     我一直对政治学有兴趣。
 Lots of times you have to pretend to join a parade in which you're not really interested in order to get where you're going.     好多时候，为了要走到你想到的地点，你得假装成参加那一队你实在不感兴趣的行列走。
 I think these interesting old customs should be preserved.     我认为这些有趣的旧习俗应该保存下去。
 Can you give me an explanation of the man-machine interface?     你能给我解释一下人机接口吗？
 Don't interfere with my business.     不要干涉我的事情。
 The television station apologized for the interference, which was due to bad weather conditions.     电视台为出现的干扰表示歉意，那是由于恶劣的天气状况造成的。
example sentence not found
 Acting or done ad interim; temporary.     临时的暂时做事的；临时的
 Xi'an is a city in the interior of China.     西安是一个内陆城市。
 Her mother interlaces her hair with ribbons.     母亲用缎带把她的头发扎起来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An interlocking or entanglement of elements or parts.     连接各因素或部分的连接或纠结
example sentence not found
 Being at neither one extreme nor the other; intermediate.     中部的，居中的既不在一端，又不在另一端的；中间的
 He has intermittent bursts of interest.     他的兴趣是一阵阵的。
example sentence not found
 Internal and external use of water as a therapeutic treatment for all forms of disease.     水疗法水的外用和内服，作为各种病症的治疗方法
example sentence not found
 Relating to the rights of private individuals and legal proceedings concerning these rights as distinguished from criminal, military, or international regulations or proceedings.     民事的，民法的关于个人隐私权及相关于这些权利的法律诉讼程序的，区别于刑事的、军事的或国际的条例或诉讼程序
example sentence not found
 DNS(Domain Name Server) introduced to the Internet, with then consisted of about1000 hosts.     因特网引进域名服务器，当时整个互联网有一千部主机。
example sentence not found
 `But how do you know that?' he interposed.     ｀那麽你是怎麽知道那件事的呢?＇他插嘴问道.
 We interpreted his silence as a refusal.     我们认为他的沉默是拒绝的表示。
 This passage may be given several interpretations.     这段文字可以有不同的解释。
 A woman who speaks by divine inspiration or as the interpreter through whom the will of a god is expressed.     受神启示说话的女人受神启示说话的女人或作为神所表达的意志的阐释者
example sentence not found
 All things are interrelated and interact on each other.     一切事物互相联系并互相作用。
example sentence not found
 Don't interrupt me, children.     孩子们，别打断我的话。
 The interruption of electricity made us unable to do anything.     电力的中断让我们什么也不能做。
 The point of intersection of a driveway and a road, especially in a rural area.     交汇口车行道和街道的交叉点，尤指在农村地区
example sentence not found
 The proper intervals should be maintained between vehicles.     车辆之间应保持适当的间距。
example sentence not found
 I will come if nothing intervenes.     假若没有别的事，我一定来。
 Thanks to your timely intervention.     多亏你及时调停。
 The two rival politicians came/were brought face to face in a TV interview.     那两个对立的政客面对面地一起接受电视访问.
 An agent that destroys or causes the expulsion of parasitic intestinal worms.     驱肠虫剂，灭肠虫剂可消灭或驱除肠内寄生虫的药物
 The absence or closure of a normal body orifice or tubular passage such as the anus, intestine, or external ear canal.     （先天性）闭锁，无孔正常的身体孔或管道，如肛门、肠或外耳道的缺失或闭合
 He should listen to his intimate feelings.     人应当倾听自己的内心感觉。
 But the harsh words of the father in a drunken moment of excessive ancestral pride cause a dignified departure with the conciliatory donation of half her means of subsistence and the intimation that she is rejoining her husband.     但父亲在一次酒后的刺耳话语中说了一些有关家世过分骄矜的话，使苔丝傲然离开了家。她把自己一半的生活费留给父母，并告诉他们她要去找丈夫团聚。
example sentence not found
 She developed into a beautiful woman.     她长成了一位漂亮的女人。
 Good intonation.     语调很好。
 The businessman was intoxicated by his success.     这个商人因为成功而狂喜。
example sentence not found
 This is a novel with an intricate plot.     这是一本情节错综复杂的小说。
 Some of the members had been intriguing to get the secretary dismissed.     有些人一直密谋想让老板把秘书解雇。
 Something of no intrinsic remedial value that is used to appease or reassure another.     安慰的话，宽心的话某些没有内在补救作用的东西，仅仅用来安慰他人
example sentence not found
 She introduced me to her friend.     她把我介绍给她的朋友。
 There is an introduction about Norway in this magazine.     这本杂志里有一篇关于挪威的介绍文章。
 An introductory occurrence or fact; a preliminary.     开端预兆性事件或事实；开端
 A translator shouldn't intrude his own opinions into what he's translating.     译者不应该擅自把自己的意思加进译文中。
 The theory that ethical principles are known to be valid and universal through intuition.     直觉主义通过直觉知道道德原则有效性和普遍性的理论
 We were inundated with enquiries.     查询的人很多, 我们应接不暇.
 I object to our privacy being invaded.     我反对我们的隐私权受到侵害。
 The invader wanted to attack our country.     侵略者妄图攻打我们国家。
 This ticket has passed its expiration date, and so it is now invalid.     这张票已过了有效期，现在作废了。
example sentence not found
 He has many invaluable paintings.     他有许多珍品画。
example sentence not found
 His intuition is invariably correct.     他的直觉常常是正确的。
example sentence not found
 The invasion force was annihilated.     侵略军被消灭了。
 Can you tell me who invented the telephone?     你能告诉我是谁发明了电话？
 Your invention is not practical.     你的发明不实用。
example sentence not found
 The machine takes its name from its inventor.     这机器的名字来自其发明者。
 Some stores inventory their stock once a month.     有些商店每月盘货一次。－
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The crimes committed there invested the place with an air of mystery and gloom.     在那里发生罪案後，该地笼罩上一种阴森诡秘的气氛。
 The company hired a detective to investigate the accident.     公司雇佣了一名侦探来调查这次事故。
 The government made an investigation of the employment in the public and private sectors.     政府对国营和私营部门的就业情况作了一次调查。
 Antiques are a very safe investment.     古玩是一种非常保险的投资对象。
 Our government will not nationalize or requisition investment any property of investor.     我国政府不会把投资者的资金和财产收归国有或征用。
example sentence not found
 Our manager has an invincible will.     我们的经理有着坚强的意志。
 Some stars are invisible to the naked eye.     有些星体肉眼是看不见的。
 She may be offended if you don't reply to her invitation.     她请你, 你要是不回个信儿就可能把她得罪了.
 You are just inviting trouble if you do that.     你那么做就是在自找麻烦。
 You are just inviting trouble if you do that.     你那么做就是在自找麻烦。
 The invoice was for 35 cif.     发票为到岸价35英镑.
 The government has invoked the official secret act in having the book banned.     政府援引国家机密保密法以禁该书。
 The involuntary and consistent response of an organism to a given stimulus.     生理反应生物体对所受到的刺激作出的无意识的连贯反应
 Painting the room involved moving out the piano.     粉刷房间就要把钢琴搬出去。
 She was quite positive about the amount of money involved.     她对所涉及的钱数十分肯定.
 Many people were elected to take part in democratic involvement.     很多人被选举参与民主管理。
 The door opened inward into the room.     门是朝房间里面开的。
 His shaking hands showed his inward fear.     他颤抖的双手显示出他内心的恐惧。
 The doctor painted iodine on the cut.     医生在伤口上涂点碘酒。
 A set of eight valence electrons in an atom or ion, forming a stable configuration.     八重态在一个原子或离子中，形成稳定组态的一组八个化合价电子
 I haven't any money; can I give you an IOU for￡5?     我没钱了，我可以给你一张借条借五镑吗？
 What is the population of Ireland?     爱尔兰人口有多少?
 Shaped like a sword, as the leaf of an iris.     剑形的，如鸢尾属植物的叶子
 Many of the Irish went over to America during the famine.     很多爱尔兰人在饥荒期间迁徙到了美国.
 The problem should have been ironed out months ago.     这个问题几个月前就该解决了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Do I detect a tinge of irony?     我觉得这话有点儿像反话吧?
 The coastline in this area is quite irregular.     这个地区的海岸线非常不整齐。
example sentence not found
 It is so hot, our desire to swim in the pool is irresistible.     天这么热，我们不禁要下去游泳。
 The law applies to everyone irrespective of race, religion or color.     这项法律适用于任何人，不管其种族、宗教或肤色。
 The decision has been made and is irrevocable.     木已成舟已作出决定，无法反悔
 We have irrigated the desert area to make it fertile.     我们已经灌溉了荒芜地区使它肥沃。
 We used the money to set up an irrigation project.     我们把钱用在兴建灌溉工程上了.
example sentence not found
 Wool irritates my skin.     毛织物会使我的皮肤过敏。
 A localized protective reaction of tissue to irritation, injury, or infection, characterized by pain, redness, swelling, and sometimes loss of function.     发炎动物组织针对外界刺激、伤害、感染的一种固定保护性发应，表现为疼痛、发红、肿大，有时丧失功能
 A friend in need is a friend indeed.     患难之交才是真朋友。
 The Sunni compose about90 per cent of present-day Islam.     目前回教百分之九十属於正统派。
 This island is accessible only by boat.     这个小岛只能坐小船去。
 He later journeyed through the isle of Lemnos whose bold and heartless females, earlier, had slaughtered every male upon the island;     他在那些大胆而残忍的妇女把所有她们的男子杀死之后，曾经在雷姆诺岛旁边经过。
example sentence not found
 He examined each piece of evidence in isolation.     他分别审查每一证据。
 A radioactive, inert, gaseous isotope of radon, with a half-life of3.92 seconds.     锕射气氡的一种放射性的，惰性的和气态的同位素，其半衰期为3。92秒
 Parliament will debate the nationalization issue next week.     议会将在下周辩论国有化议题。
 There is a rosebush near the fence and it is very beautiful.     篱笆附近有一丛玫瑰，长得非常美丽。
 Our agent in Rome deals with all our Italian business.     我们在罗马的代理人负责我们在意大利的所有业务。
 A line under something, such as a symbol, word, or phrase, used to indicate emphasis or italic type.     下划线划在符号，词或词组下的线，用以表示强调或斜体打印
 They spent a week motoring through Italy.     他们花了一星期，驾车周游意大利。
 Are your mosquito bites still itching?     你被蚊子咬的地方还在痒吗？
 Let us go on to the next item on the agenda.     让我们继续讨论议程上的下一个项目。
example sentence not found
 The items are listed in order of importance.     这些项目是根据其重要性排列的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This itinerary leaves us plenty of leeway.     这个旅行计划给我们留有很多自由活动的余地.
 The baby threw its food on the floor.     那个小孩儿把食物扔到地上了。
 The snake coiled itself around the tree.     蛇盘绕在树上。
 Made of gold and ivory, as certain pieces of sculpture or artwork in ancient Greece.     由黄金和象牙制成的由黄金和象牙制成的，如古希腊某些雕刻或工艺品
 You need a jack to lift the car before repairing it.     修汽车前，你得用千斤顶把汽车抬起来。
 She has a red jacket on.     她穿著一件红色的短上衣。
 This jade dragon is a genuine antique.     这件玉龙是真正的古玩。
example sentence not found
 A jail for the detention of military personnel guilty of minor offenses or awaiting court-martial.     军人禁闭室军队中拘禁犯有轻微过失的军人或等候军事宣判的军人的监牢
 The government tried to jam the guerrillas' telecommunication.     政府设法干扰游击队的无线电通讯。
 The janitor is very conscientious.     那个管理员很认真。
 I was born on January eleventh.     我生于一月十一日。
 The ship launched in the direction of Japan.     船起航前往日本。
 Do you speak Japanese?     你会说日语吗？
 Their opinion jarred with ours.     他们的意见与我们不一致。
 The jargon of a particular group; cant.     黑话，行话某一特殊团体的行话；黑话
 My jaw dropped when I saw how much the meal had cost.     我看到那顿饭要花这麽多钱真大吃一惊。
 A clamping device of metal or wood, usually consisting of two jaws closed or opened by a screw or lever, used in carpentry or metalworking to hold a piece in position.     虎钳由金属或木头做成的钳夹工具，通常由两个靠螺旋或标杆进行开合的部件组成，用于木工业或五金业中使物件定位
 Jazz has never really turned me on.     我从未对爵士乐真正产生过兴趣。
 She is a wee bit jealous.     她有点儿嫉妒。
 Your remark excited him to jealousy.     你的话引起了他的嫉妒。
 I feel rather overdressed in this suit everyone else is wearing jeans!     我觉得穿这身西服太讲究了--别人全都穿牛仔裤!
 Will denim jeans ever go out of date?     粗布牛仔裤会过时吗?
 No sooner had his luggage been loaded than the jeep started off.     他的行李刚一装上车，吉普车就开走了。
 They jeered at the speaker.     他们讥笑发言的人。
 You won't get a good set if you put too much water in the jelly.     果冻搀水太多就凝固不好了.
 If you are rude to the boss, it may jeopardize your chance of success.     如果你对老板没有礼貌，那也许会危及你事业的成功。
 The bus jerked to a stop.     公共汽车猛然刹车停住了。
 They brought the children to Jesus and he blessed them.     他们把孩子们领到耶稣跟前, 耶稣就赐福予他们.
 The accident happened as the jet was about to take off.     喷气式飞机正要起飞时出了事故。
 A ship jettisoning wastes; a pilot jettisoning aircraft fuel.     一艘正在丢弃废物的船；一个正在抛弃飞机燃料的飞行员
 One who is not a Christian, Moslem, or Jew; a heathen.     异教徒基督教、犹太教或伊斯兰教徒以外的人；异教徒
 Virtue is a jewel of great price.     【谚】美德是无价之宝。
 Platinum is used to make jewelry.     白金常常用来做珠宝饰物。
 Jewish culture is famous.     犹太人的文化很著名。
 I can't stop humming that awful jelly jingle.     我忍不住常哼那支难听的果冻广告歌。
example sentence not found
 Raising money is your job.     筹集资金是你的任务。
example sentence not found
 A homeless or jobless person; a vagrant.     流浪汉无家可归的或失业的人；流浪者
 You jogged my elbow and spoiled what I was drawing.     你撞到了我的手肘，弄坏了我正在画的图画。
example sentence not found
 Can you see the join in the coat?     你能看到衣服上的接缝吗？
 The delays put the whole schedule out of joint.     一再的拖延打乱了全部安排。
 You must be joking.     你一定是在开玩笑吧。
 Laughing and joking are considered improper behaviors at a funeral.     在葬礼上发笑或开玩笑是失礼的行为。
 They jollied the little girl into going with them.     他们哄得那女孩跟他们一起去。
 The car stopped with a jolt.     汽车停止时震动了一下。
 I'll just jot down their phone number before I forget it.     我得把电话号码记下来，以免待会儿忘记。
 The journal is published monthly.     那本杂志是月刊.
 Rewarding a criminal by paying him for an exclusive account of his crime is one of the worst forms of cheque-book journalism.     重金酬劳罪犯以取得独家报道其犯罪的权利是重金新闻业最糟糕的形式之一。
 The journalist did not want to reveal the identity of his informant.     那个新闻工作者不想透露消息提供人的身分。
 He is going to make a long journey.     他要作一次长途旅行。
 Joy mingled with surprises.     喜悦和惊异交织在一起。
 The meeting between the two families was a joyful one.     这两家人的聚会十分愉快.
example sentence not found
 We judge that he is the best candidate.     我们认为他是最佳人选。
 Politicians should not engage in business affairs that might affect their political judgement.     政治家不应该参与那些可能会影响其政治判断力的商业事务。
 In my judgment, we should accept their apology.     依我看，我们应该接受他们的道歉。
 A court judgment, especially a judicial decision of the punishment to be inflicted on one adjudged guilty.     判决法庭的判决，尤其指对已判决有罪的人加以处罚的法院的刑罚决定
 He invited me to eat some jugged hare with him together.     他邀请我和他一块吃些罐焖野兔。
 Would you like some tomato juice?     你想要些番茄汁吗？
 Tell me all the juicy details.     把有趣的细节都讲给我听。
example sentence not found
 The maximum temperature in July may be 36 Celsius degree.     七月份最高温度可能达到36摄氏度。
 There is a jumble of books and papers on the table.     桌子上凌乱地堆着一堆书和报纸。
 He jumped to his feet and ran out of the office.     他一下子跳了起来，跑出了办公室。
 My jumper has gone (ie has worn into holes) at the elbows.     我的毛衣肘部已磨坏.
example sentence not found
 They decided to effect a junction of two armies.     他们决定两军会师。
 The campaign lasted from June to October.     这次战役从6月进行到10月。
 There's not much jungle 100 miles inland.     向内地100英里处丛林较少。
 The president was so young that he was junior to some of his employees.     总裁的年龄甚至是比他的一些雇员还小。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Junk is anything that has outlived its usefulness.     破烂货，是一些比它本身的用处还活久了的东西。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Mars(Ares) was the son of Jupiter and Juno.     马尔斯（阿瑞斯）是朱庇特和朱诺的儿子。
 The military junta is determined to put down all political opposition.     这个军人集团决心镇压政治上的一切反对派。
example sentence not found
 How many moons does Jupiter have?     木星有多少卫星?
 The court has no jurisdiction over foreign diplomats living in this country.     法院对居住在本国的外交官无裁判权。
example sentence not found
 The juror expertly answered the lawyer's questions and showed he had something on the ball.     陪审员巧妙地回答了律师的问题，显示出他很有才干。
 The appeal jury is made up of 12 people.     陪审团由12人组成。
 That's just what I think.     我正是那样想的。
 The police must do all they can to bring criminals to justice.     警方必须竭尽全力追捕罪犯，将他们绳之以法。
example sentence not found
 I can see no justification for dividing the company into smaller units.     我认为没有理由把公司划分为小单位。
 Can you justify your action?     你能证明你的行为是正当的吗？
 Now she returned to the subject of juvenile delinquency in that country.     现在她又回过来讲那个国家少年犯罪的问题。
 An exceptionally swift kangaroo.     行动极其敏捷的袋鼠
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 That is a keen football match.     那是一场激烈的足球比赛。
 That shop keeps everything you will need.     那商店经销所有你需要的东西。
 A keeper is only a poacher turned outside in, and a poacher a keeper turned inside out.     看守人只不过是把表面翻进去的偷猎者，而偷猎者也不过是把里面翻出来的看守人罢了。
 His actions are in keeping with his true character.     他的行动和他的真实性格相一致。
example sentence not found
 The edible kernel of a nut.     核仁坚果的可食的仁
 A process by which the hydrocarbon molecules of petroleum are broken into simpler molecules, as of gasoline or kerosene, by the addition of hydrogen under high pressure and in the presence of a catalyst.     氢化裂解将石油的含氢分子分裂成更简单的分子（象汽油和煤油的分子）的过程，此分裂过程是在加催化剂及高压氢气的条件上进行的
example sentence not found
 The switch on the kettle won't stay down.     这个水壶上的开关按下时卡不住了。
 She keyed in all the new data.     她键入了所有的新数据。
 A trademark used for a machine that sets type on a metal slug, operated by a keyboard.     行型活字排版机一种商标，用于指利用键盘操作排成铅字条的排字机
 The source entry utility operation during which source statements are keyed in and added a new records in a source member.     一种源输入公用程序的操作，在这一操作过程中，它将键入的源语句作为新记录加到源成员中。
 He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.     他眼光狭窄，竟然能够用两只眼睛透过一个钥匙孔来看。
 The governor will keynote the convention.     州长将发表施政方针的演说。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 That horse kicked me.     那匹马踢了我。
example sentence not found
 Our kids are playing football.     我们的小孩们在踢足球。
 They'll kidnap the boy,  I said. Finn stared at me. What in the world for?      我说：他们将绑架这个男孩子。芬恩眼盯着我问道：这样干究竟是为了什么呢？
 The surgeon graft the dead man's kidney into his patient.     这位外科医生将死人的两个肾移植到他的病人身上。
 His wife was killed in a car accident.     他的妻子在车祸中丧生。
 The net result of the long police investigation is that the identity of the killer is still a complete mystery.     警方经长时间调查, 结果凶手的身分仍全然不知.
 The court has made a verdict of unlawful killing.     法庭已经做出不合法杀害的裁决。
 Still, all in all, I hear he is a kilo fatter today than he was yesterday.     但是最重要的是，我听说他今天比昨天肥了1公斤。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 One kilogram equals 1000 grams.     一公斤等于一千克。
 The road is5 kilometer long.     这条马路5公里长。
example sentence not found
 Who is your next of kin?     谁是你的健在的最近的亲属?
 Taking a blind man across the street is a kind act.     扶盲人过马路是一种善良的行为。
 There are many children in the kindergarten.     那个幼儿园里的孩子很多。
 The moon kindled the countryside.     月光照耀着郊外。
 Will you kindly put that book back?     请你把那本书放回去好吗？
 Your kindness quite overwhelmed me.     你的好意使我感激难言。
 To his fans, Elvis will always be the King'.     埃尔维斯的歌迷永远称他为歌王.
 The king is the most important person in a kingdom.     国王是一个王国中最重要的人物。
example sentence not found
 The wind kissed her hair.     微风轻拂着她的头发。
 The nurse has taken a first-aid kit.     护士已经带上了一套急救用品。
 I was cooking in the kitchen when the telephone rang.     电话铃响的时候我正在厨房里做饭。
 A boy is flying a kite in the piazza.     一个小男孩在阳台上放风筝。
example sentence not found
 She fell and bruised her knee.     她摔倒在地，膝盖上起了紫血块。
 Something, such as a stool, cushion, or board, on which to kneel.     跪垫下跪时垫在膝下的东西，如跪凳、跪垫或跪板
 His strong voice cut through the hum of conversation like a knife through butter.     他那宏亮有力的声音一下子压倒了嗡嗡的谈话声。
 A feudal knight ranking between a knight bachelor and a baron, who was entitled to lead men into battle under his own standard.     方旗爵士一种封建骑士爵位，其勋位在最低级爵士和男爵之间，有权率领随从在自己的方旗下上阵作战
 I gave her a knitted shawl as a Christmas gift.     我送给她一条编织的披肩作圣诞礼物。
 `Does this knob come off?' `No, it's fixed on permanently.'     ｀这个把手能拆下来吗?＇｀不能, 那是固定的.＇
 Someone is knocking at the door.     有人在敲门。
 At the rat-a-tat of the knocker her heart fly into her mouth.     听到敲击者咚咚声她的心都悬起来了。
 There is a knot in the board.     这块木板上有个结。
 She knows a bargain when she sees one.     她有辨别便宜货的能力。
 They did it without my knowledge.     他们是背着我做这件事的。
 I do not respect him because he is knowledgeable.     我并非因为他有学问而尊敬他。
 Your theory doesn't square with the known facts.     你的说法跟已知的事实不符.
 He was not in his office and I eventually tracked him down in the lab. So we discussed the problem then and there.     他不在办公室，最后我在实验室里找到了他，在那里我们当场讨论了那个问题。
 The bottle is labeled poison.     瓶上标明有毒。
 It is a very expensive camera. I labeled with my English initials in yellow on the back side of it.     那是一架昂贵的像机。在像机皮套的背面，用黄色标着本人英语姓名的第一个字母。
example sentence not found
 You needn't labor a point that is perfectly plain.     这点很明显，你用不着讲个没完。
 The students will have an experiment in the laboratory tomorrow.     学生们明天要在实验室里做实验。
 A laborer on strike.     罢工者在罢工的劳动者
 Laborious study or meditation.     刻苦的学习勤奋的学习或思考
 It takes a lot of labour to build a railway.     修筑一条铁路要花费许多劳动力。
 I always have troubles lacing these football boots.     我给足球鞋穿鞋带时总是遇到麻烦。
 The plant died for lack of water.     植物因缺水而枯死了。
example sentence not found
 An accomplice or a lackey who aids in the commission of base or disreputable acts.     同谋，同伙共犯或帮凶，其帮助实施无耻或下流的行为
 She's not lacking in intelligence.     她并不缺乏学识。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He's a nice lad, but a bit slow on the draw.     他是个挺不错的小伙子，就是头脑欠灵活。
 The ladder has eight rungs.     这梯子有八级。
 The bill of lading should be marked asfreight prepaid.     提单上应该注明“运费预付”字样。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The store owner smiled and whistled and out of the kennel came Lady, who ran down the aisle of his store followed by five teeny tiny balls of fur.     店主笑了，吹了一声口哨，从窝里出来一只母狗，它沿着小店的过道跑过来，后面跟着5个小毛球。
example sentence not found
 The lady appeared with a luxurious fur coat.     那位夫人穿着华贵的毛皮外套来了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There was a long lag in forwarding mail to us.     转寄给我们的邮件晚了很久才拿到。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The boat put in at Lagos/put into Lagos for repairs.     那船进了拉各斯港进行检修.
 The tables were laid lengthways.     这些餐桌是纵向摆放的。
 The dust has lain undisturbed for years. He lay sick in bed.     尘土积在那儿很多年了。他卧病在床
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We crossed the lake in a canoe.     我们乘独木舟过河。
example sentence not found
 She is gentle like a lamb.     她像只小羊羔一样温柔。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is lame in one leg and walks with the help of a crutch.     他的一条腿跛了，走路借助于拐杖。
 Short pleasure, long lament.     【谚】痛快一时，痛苦一世。
 The decision they made is a lamentable lack of foresight.     他们做的决定实在缺乏远见。
 Much lamentation followed the death of the old king.     老国王晏驾, 人们悲恸不已.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There was a kerosene lamp on the table.     桌子上有一盏煤油灯。
example sentence not found
 The dog was sniffing at the lamppost.     那条狗在灯柱旁嗅来嗅去。
 The oil-lamp needs a new globe, spherical lampshade.     这油灯需配个新的圆灯罩.
 Li Lan seldom goes out by herself.     李兰很少自己单独出门。
example sentence not found
 Marvelous, Lance from usa have clock10 second to set a new100-meter world record.     好极了，美国的兰斯用10秒的成绩刷新了100米世界纪录。
 The pilot landed the plane safely.     驾驶员使飞机安全降落。
example sentence not found
 I found myself landed with three extra guests for dinner.     我到时候才知道我得多招待三个客人吃饭。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The plane's landing was delayed because of fog.     飞机因大雾推迟降落。
example sentence not found
 Easy does it,  said the landlady when we moved the sofa upstairs.     当我们把沙发往楼上搬时，女房东说：慢慢来，小心点。
example sentence not found
 My landlord is turning me out at the end of the month.     我的房东让我月底搬走.
 This landscape is disfigured by a power station.     风景被发电厂破坏了。
 The lane is the boundary of our land.     那条小路就是我们这片地的界线.
 What languages can you speak?     你会说什么语言？
 I was angry with his languid movements.     我被他那懒洋洋的动作激怒了。
 A little lantern blinked in the darkness.     一盏小灯笼在黑暗中微微闪光。
 The waves gently lap against the shore.     海浪轻轻地拍打着海岸。
 I started to eat the peas with my hands, but I don't think anyone noticed my little lapse.     我开始用手吃豌豆，但我想没有人注意到我的小错误。
example sentence not found
 The question is discussed at large in my report.     我在报告中对该问题作了详细的探讨。
 The team's success was largely due to her efforts.     该队的成功在很大程度上是由於她的努力。
 She rose with the lark.     她一大早就起床了。
example sentence not found
 The doctor finished the operation, but his success depended on the backroom boys who had invented the new laser scalpel.     医生做完了手术，但他的成功有赖于那些发明了新型激光手术刀的研究人员。
 The cat lashed her tail.     这只猫急速摇动着尾巴。
 Which line comes last in this poem?     这首诗的最后一行是什么？
 Lasting or living for two years.     持续两年的，生活两年的
 Lastly, to conclude this part; as we said in the beginning, that the act of envy had somewhat in it of witchcraft, so there is no other cure of envy, but the cure of witchcraft; and that is, to remove the lot(as they call it) and to lay it upon another.     最后让笔者赘言几句来结束这个部分。如本文开篇所言，嫉妒行为有几分巫术的性质，因此治嫉妒的最好方法就是治巫术的方法，也就是移开世人所谓的“符咒”，使之镇在别人头上。
 Please leave the door latch shut.     请把门闩上。
 The train was 10 minutes late.     火车晚点了10 分钟。
 Professor Green, lately of Princeton, is now head of the department at California.     格林教授不久前在普林斯顿任教，现在是加州大学的系主任。
example sentence not found
 The manager did not find her latent abilities.     经理没有发现她潜在的才能。
 Angrily the men returned the minutes later to tell their mates,We had no impact. These men have skins like a rhinoceros.     10分钟后，这些人气呼呼地回来对同伙说：“毫无作用，这些人脸皮真厚。”
 The lateral or downward movement of dissolved or suspended material within soil when rainfall exceeds evaporation.     淋溶作用当降雨量超过蒸发量时，土壤中溶解或悬浮物的向侧面或向下的运动
example sentence not found
 Do you know how to work a lathe?     你会开车床吗?
 Many languages have Latin as their base.     许多语言都以拉丁语为基础。
 The latitude of the island is 30 degrees north.     这个岛的纬度是北纬三十度。
 Many support the former alternative, but personally I favour the latter (one).     很多人都赞成前一种办法, 但我个人喜欢後一种.
 A crystal defect caused by the absence of an atom, an ion, or a molecule in a crystal lattice.     晶格空位在晶格里由于缺少一个原子、一个离子或一个分子造成晶格空位
example sentence not found
 Weeping willows laugh in the breeze.     垂柳迎风欢笑。
 Laughter filled the room.     房间里充满了笑声。
 A new ship is being launched today.     一艘新船下水了。
example sentence not found
 Washing machines take the drudgery out of laundry.     洗衣机把洗衣工作带出了洗衣房。
example sentence not found
 We won a laureate cup.     我们赢得了荣誉奖杯。
 Our team won the regional laurels.     我们的球队赢得了地区冠军。
 New developments are forcing long-established firms to look to their laurels.     新的发展使一些老牌企业也得小心行事才能保持声誉。
example sentence not found
 The volcano spewed molten lava.     火山喷出了熔岩.
 May I use your lavatory I'm bursting! ie I need to urinate urgently.     我可以用用你们的厕所吗--我实在憋不住了.
 I lave done my duty.     我已尽了我的责任。
 I bought some lavender writing paper.     我买了一些淡紫色的信纸。
 That is a vast and lavish party.     那是个规模盛大、极其铺张的宴会。
 Spent lavishly on dinner just for effect.     晚餐吃得很奢侈浪费只是为了面子上好看
 He's always laying down the law about gardening but he really doesn't know much about it.     他总是对园艺工作发号施令，其实他只是一知半解。
 She is a lawful citizen.     她是个守法的公民。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 To sum up, only when strict punishment can be imposed on the lawless, can social stability be maintained.     总之，唯有当严刑峻罚加之于违法之徒时，才能维持社会安定。
example sentence not found
 The reception was held in a pavilion on the lawn.     招待会在草地中的亭子里举行。
 The gardener asked me for a rotary lawn mower.     园丁向我要一台旋转式割草机。
 Lawrence fags away for a pittance.     劳伦斯为了一点微薄的收入而辛苦地工作。
example sentence not found
 The lawsuit was then pending.     那件讼案因而尚未解决.
 The lawyer explained the new law to us.     律师向我们解释了新法律。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An agent for purging the bowels, especially a laxative.     泻药通肠的动力物质，尤指泻药
example sentence not found
 You may lay it on the table.     你可以把它放在桌子上。
example sentence not found
 Her husband is a brick layer.     她丈夫是个砌砖匠。
 Layered gravel and charcoal to make a filter.     将砂砾和木炭分层以做成过滤器
 This book is written for professionals and laymen alike.     这本书既可供专业人员阅读，又可供外行人看。
 Layoffs designed to effect savings. Thus the sentence These measures may affect savings could imply that the measures may reduce savings that have already been realized, whereas These measures may effect savings implies that the measures will cause new savings to come about.     旨在完成存款的歇业。因而句子这些措施可能影响存款暗含这些措施可能减少本以已实现的存款，而这些措施可能完成存款则暗含这些措施将导致新的存款的产生
 Please fax me the layout for the new catalogue.     请用传真机把新目录的版面编排图样传送给我.
example sentence not found
 He lazed away in the sun.     他一直懒懒散散地在太阳下逛荡。
example sentence not found
 This employee was dismissed for laziness.     这名雇员因为懒惰而被解雇。
 He is a very lazy person, sleeping all day.     他非常懒惰，整天睡觉。
 That lazybones has sponged off his brother for years.     那个懒汉多年来一直靠兄弟养活他。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The advantage of the emotions is that they lea us astray.     情绪的好处在于引我们走入歧途。
 The treatment of metal or the separation of metal from ores and ore concentrates by liquid processes, such as leaching, extraction, and precipitation.     水冶金术通过液体过程，象过滤，提炼，沉淀等方法处理金属，从矿石中或矿石浓缩物中分离出金属
 What led you to believe I was ill?     什么使你相信我病了？
 It's a quarter to4 o'clock.There are only5 minutes left to the end of the game.Our team, with a4 to0 lead, are simply running out the clock.     现在是3：45分，离比赛结束只剩5分钟了，我们队以4比0领先，现在只是在打防守战。
 A leaden conversation.     枯燥无味的谈话
 He was elected the leader of the union.     他被选为工会的领导人。
 The generals tried to cow opposition to their military rule by imprisoning their leaders.     这些将军通过监禁领导人来威吓反对军事统治的人。
 He was elected to the leadership of the Labour party.     他被选为工党的领导人。
 She tried to beat up some support for the campaign she was leading.     她力求赢得人们对她所领导的运动的支持。
example sentence not found
 This plant has green leaves throughout the year.     这种植物终年常青。
example sentence not found
 They distributed leaflets to customers.     他们给客户散发传单。
 There is a leafy forest in our hometown.     在我们的家乡有一片树叶茂密的森林。
 The police suspected that the bank clerk was in league with the rubbers.     警察怀疑银行职员与强盗有勾结。
 Can you smell a gas leak?     你能闻到煤气漏气吗？
example sentence not found
 Commend me to a leaky house on a rainy day.     雨天我要漏水的房子才怪呢。
 The little girl only eats lean pork.     这个小女孩只吃瘦肉。
 The thief leaped the wall and ran away.     小偷越墙逃跑了。
 I learned this news from the newspaper.     我从报纸上得知这个消息。
 Most learned men are modest.     大部分有学问的人都很谦虚。
 This dictionary is the flagship of Oxford's range of learners' dictionaries.     本词典执牛津一系列学习者词典之牛耳.
 Her purpose in learning is to be a doctor.     她学习的目的是当医生。
 We will lease you the house for one year.     我们将把这房子租给你一年。
 The addition of equipment to a leased telephone line to improve its data-handling characteristics.     在租用的电话线路上增加设备以改善数据传输线路的特性。
example sentence not found
 Mr. Brown talks least.     布朗先生极少说话。
 Plastic is sometimes used instead of leather.     塑胶有时可以替代皮革。
 We must leave early.     我们必须早点离开。
 Please bear in mind that the train leaves at midnight.     记住, 火车半夜离开。
 They could not follow the lecture.     他们听不懂这次演讲。
 The lecturer is giving a speech.     那个演讲者正在做讲演。
 The guide led us to the river.     向导带领我们到河边。
 For several years more foreign cars have been sold in Britain than British ones; the government is now being asked to limit the sales of foreign cars to give British companies a chance to make up leeway.     几年来，外国轿车在英国的销量一直比英国的大；英国公司正在要求其政府对外国（进口）轿车的销售加以限制，以便给它们一个迎头赶上的机会。
 Eyes left!     向左看！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The doctor inserted a steel plate into his damaged leg.     医生在他受伤的腿中植入了一块钢板。
 His weak chest was a legacy of a childhood illness.     他那瘦弱的胸脯是儿时患病的后遗症。
 We will introduce legal safeguards against fraud.     我们要采取法律保护措施，制止诈骗活动。
example sentence not found
 A name, symbol, or other device identifying a product, officially registered and legally restricted to the use of the owner or manufacturer.     商标，牌号标明产品的名字、符号或其它设计，经过正式注册，并只合法地限于其拥有者或制造商使用
example sentence not found
 He is a legend in his lifetime for his scientific discoveries.     他的科学发现使他一生成为传奇人物。
 One that inspires legends or achieves legendary fame.     传奇人物具有传奇色彩或享有传奇式名誉的人物
example sentence not found
 Close-fitting breeches or leggings reaching up to the hips and fastened to a doublet, formerly worn by men. Used only in the plural.     男式紧身裤昔日男用的一种紧身短裤或者裹腿，穿至臀部并与紧身上衣系在一起（只用于复数形式）
example sentence not found
 The sign was no longer legible because much of the lettering had worn away.     这块招牌已看不清楚，因为大部分字已磨掉了。
 He writes legibly.     他的字写得很清楚。
 I know you want adventure and, be that as it may, the Foreign Legion is not as glamorous as it appears in the films.     我知道你喜欢冒险，不过得想一想，“外国军团”并不像电影中出现的那样具有魅力。
 It is the jobof Parliament to legislate.     立法是议会的工作.
 Legislation will be difficult and take time.     立法将是困难而又费时的。
 A legislative assembly is being held.     一个有关立法的会议正在召开。
 One who makes or enacts laws; a legislator.     立法者制定或颁布法律的人；立法者
 The legislature has enacted a new liquor law, and he that runs may read.     立法机关颁布了一项新的酒业法，措辞通俗易懂。
example sentence not found
 The quality or fact of being legitimate.     合法（性）成为合法的特征或事实
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The table legs are screwed to the floor.     这张桌子的腿是用螺丝固定在地板上的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Life today is compartmentalized into work and leisure.     现今生活分成工作和闲暇两部分.
example sentence not found
 Lemon juice curdles milk.     柠檬汁可使牛奶结成凝乳。
 The lemonade fizzed up.     柠檬水嘶嘶直起泡。
 Can you lend me some money?     你能借我点钱吗？
example sentence not found
 What about lending me some money?     借点钱给我如何？
 This car will turn in its own length.     这种汽车可以在自身长度范围内掉头.
 The days started to lengthen in March.     白昼在三月里开始变长。
example sentence not found
 Being or taking a roundabout, lengthy course.     曲折的，迂回的处于或采用迂回的、冗长的途径
example sentence not found
 In your case, we are prepared to be lenient.     根据你的情况，我们拟予从宽处理
 Lenin restored the views of Marx and Engels in regard to the state.     列宁恢复了马克思和恩格斯关于国家的看法。
example sentence not found
 He uses lens to make things appear clearer.     他用镜片以便看东西更清楚些。
 The banner lent color to the streets.     旗帜给街道增添了色彩。
 A thick creamy East Indian stew made with lentils, onions, and various spices.     达西尔东印度的一种稠而细腻的炖制食物，由滨豆、洋葱和各种调味品制成
example sentence not found
 No matter what happens to him. Leo always seems to keep his chin up.     不管利奥发生什么事情，他似乎总是毫不气馁。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The leopard cannot change its spots.     【谚】江山易改，本性难移。
 His unpopular views made him a social leper.     他因观点不受欢迎而见弃于社会。
 Leprosy is a kind of disease affecting the skin and nerves.     麻疯病是一种影响皮肤和神经的疾病。
 Characterized by the presence of small skin lesions that have the size and appearance of millet seeds.     粟粒状的，粟粒性的以皮肤上出现粟粒大小和外形的小泡为特征的
example sentence not found
 He is less tall than she is.     他不如她高。
example sentence not found
 Something that separates potentially antagonistic entities, as an area between two rival powers that serves to lessen the danger of conflict.     缓冲物，缓冲地带可用来隔离潜在的对抗性因来的东西，如面敌对势力用来减轻冲突危险的地带
 He is stubborn, and so is she, but to a lesser degree.     他很固执，她也固执，不过程度轻些。
 The first lesson is taken from St John's Gospel.     第一段圣经选自《约翰福音》。
 We talked in a low voice lest we should wake the baby up.     我们小声说话以免吵醒婴儿。
 He let a week go by before answering the letter.     他一周以后才回信。
example sentence not found
 In situation like this, she wish she have a gun or some lethal weapon.     在这种情况下，她真希望自己有一把枪或什么致命武器。
example sentence not found
 He was jolted out of his lethargy and into action when he realized he had only a short time to finish the article.     他意识到须在很短时间就得把文章写完, 立即动手写起来.
example sentence not found
 Have you answered her letter?     你给她回信了吗？
 For overseas deliveries we have to request that you obtain a letter of credit from a bank.     关于对外交货，我方要求贵方应从往来银行获取信用证。
example sentence not found
 The sign was no longer legible because much of the lettering had worn away.     这块招牌已看不清楚，因为大部分字已磨掉了。
 We have received many letters on this subject from our readers.     关于这个题目我们收到了很多读者的来信。
 I like the delicious salad of crisp lettuce and tomatos.     我喜欢这种脆莴苣和番茄做的沙拉，很好吃。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The bombing raid practically leveled the town.     空袭几乎把这座城镇夷为平地。
example sentence not found
 This latest incident may be the lever needed to change government policy.     最近的事件或许可以作为迫使政府改变政策所需的手段。
 The government levies a fine against the factories for polluting the air with smoke.     政府向以烟尘污染空气的工厂征收罚金。
example sentence not found
 The lexicon of surrealist art.     超现实主义艺术的词汇
example sentence not found
 He summed up his assets and liabilities.     他计算出他的资产和负债总和。
 Taking extra vitamins may reduce your liability to colds.     多吃一些维生素会减少你得感冒的可能性。
 We are liable to make mistakes.     我们都易犯错误。
example sentence not found
 The income tax have make more liar out of the american people than gold have.     所得税比黄金把更多的美国人造成了说谎者。
 There was a liberal supply of drinks at the party.     那次宴会上有大量饮料供应。
 The country was liberated in 1966.     这个国家是在1966年解放的。
 The aerospace industry in our country has developed greatly after liberation.     解放后，我国的宇航事业取得了巨大的发展。
 I took the liberty of reading the letter, even though it was addressed to you.     尽管这封信是写给你的，但是我冒昧地看过了。
 The librarian took a book at random from the shelf.     图书管理员从书架上随便拿了一本书。
 The town has its own public library and public gardens.     那城市有自己的公用图书馆和公园。
 He is at last the proud possessor of a driving licence.     他终于获得了驾驶执照，这使他颇为得意。
 His license was suspended for six months.     他的执照被吊销6个月。
 A licensed practitioner of psychoanalysis.     心理分析医生有开业许可证的心理分析医生
 He licked his fingers.     他舔手指.
 The lid of this jam pot won't unscrew.     这果酱罐的盖子拧不开.
 The village lies across the river.     村庄在河对岸。
 A young lieutenant was named for duty.     一名年轻的中尉被任命担任这项职务。
 There is no life on the moon.     月球上没有生物。
 He chose genetic engineering to be his lifelong career.     他选择了遗传工程学作为终生的事业。
 An unsettled lifestyle.     一种变动不居的生活方式
 The government is unlikely to get the bill through within (the lifetime of) this Parliament.     政府不大可能在本届国会（会期）内通过该项法案.
 The good news lifted my spirits.     这好消息使我精神大振。
example sentence not found
 I can't read while you are standing in my light.     你挡住了我的光线，我没法看书。
 This light bulb has gone.     这灯泡不亮了.
example sentence not found
 A solitary candle lightened the darkness of the room.     一支孤烛使黑暗的房间亮了起来。
 Scarlet is much lighter than crimson.     绯红色比深红色亮丽得多。
example sentence not found
 He leans towards more lighthearted subjects in his later works.     他在後期的创作中倾向於比较轻松的主题。
 The lighthouse of the island gleamed in the distance.     远处岛上的灯塔在闪耀着。
 The stage lighting give the effect of a moonlit scene.     舞台灯光产生月夜景色的效果。
 You shouldn't take the matter lightly.     你不应对此事掉以轻心。
 He moved like lightning.     他行动快如闪电。
 The lights were blinking on the horizon.     灯光在地平线上闪烁着。
 One of the lightweight circular supports for a hoop skirt.     撑裙箍带裙环女裙中的很轻的环形支撑物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Despite his rough corners he was very likable.     尽管他粗里粗气，但却讨人喜欢。
 We like our work to be justly evaluated.     我们喜欢别人公正的评价我们的工作。
 The likelihood of recovery from a disease.     预后从病中痊愈的可能性
 The proposed tax changes are likely to prove a banana skin for the Government.     建议中的税务变动很可能给政府带来无穷後患。
example sentence not found
 Someone liken his voice to the croak of a bull-frog.     有人把他的声音比作牛蛙的叫声。
 There are much likeness between the two cousins.     这两个表姐妹非常相像。
 She sprinkled her with the juices of aconite, and immediately her hair came off, and her nose and ears likewise.     她用附子汁向阿拉喀涅洒去，她的头发马上就脱光了，她的鼻子和耳朵也掉了。
 Whatever my mother cooks is to my liking.     妈妈做的菜我都喜欢。
 I gave her a bunch of lilac.     我送她一束丁香花。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Joan and Lily are sisters.     琼和丽丽是姐妹。
example sentence not found
 The section of the leg or hind limb between the knee and foot; shank.     小腿，胫位于膝盖和脚之间的腿部或后肢的部位；胫
 Having the ability to move with ease; limber.     敏捷的能活动自如的；灵活的
 I'm in limbo, waiting to know if I've got the job or not.     我心神不定，等着知道是否已得到了那份工作。
 An iced cocktail of rum, lime or lemon juice, and sugar.     代基里酒一种由朗姆酒、莱姆汁或柠檬汁和糖混合的加冰鸡尾酒
 She claims she never sought the limelight.     她说她从不爱出风头.
example sentence not found
 The limestone absorb impurity from the ore and form a fluid slag which floats on the surface of the heavier molten iron.     石灰石吸咐了铁矿石中的杂质，形成浮在较重的铁水表面上的流动渣。
 We must limit our spending.     我们必须限制我们的开支。
 The government has imposed limitation on imports.     政府已经对进口加以了限制。
 He knows his limitations.     他知道自己的能力有限。
 The edition is limited to 500 copies.     该版限出500本。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The hotel has a fleet of limousine to take guest to the airport.     这家饭店拥有一个运送客人去机场的豪华车队。
 The injury left him with a permanent limp.     他受伤後就一直瘸了.
example sentence not found
 The stream is very limpid.     溪流十分清澈。
 The America Civil War was broken out during the presidency of Lincoln.     在林肯就职其间，美国爆发了内战。
 Linda was occupied with the work of redecorating her house.     琳达忙于重新装修她的房子。
example sentence not found
 Their research proceeded along sound lines.     他们的研究沿着正确的方针进行。
 A line drawn on a weather map or chart linking all points of equal or constant temperature.     恒温线；等温线气象地图或图表上所画的一条连结同温或恒温各点的线
 Of noble lineage.     门第高贵的高贵血统的
example sentence not found
 The number of units of useful information contained within a linear dimension, usually expressed in units per inch.     在一单位长度内包含的有用信息单位数。通常用每英寸多少单位表示。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This skirt is made of linen.     这件裙子是亚麻的。
 The liner has been refitted from stem to stern.     那艘班轮已经全面整修.
 The maths teacher was furious and gave me 50 lines.     数学老师气坏了, 罚我抄书50行.
example sentence not found
 He lingered outside the school after everybody else had gone home.     别人回家后，他仍在学校外面徘徊。
 He's no better, but he's lingering on by sheer will power.     他毫无起色，但他全凭着意志力而继续活着。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The linguist go to study tribal language in the field.     语言学家们去实地研究部落语言了。
 And their language and linguistic competence should be improved.     他们的语言能力和语言学知识必须得到提高。
 He is engaged in studies in linguistics.     他从事于语言学的研究。
 A liniment that burns when first applied.     第一次使用时就感到炽热的擦剂
 The coat has a detachable lining inside.     这件大衣有活里儿.
 The road links all the new towns.     这条路把所有的新城镇都连接起来了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Linoleum is made of canvas coated with linseed.     油毡是由涂有亚麻油的帆布做成的。
example sentence not found
 The lion was ravening the prey.     那只狮子在贪婪地吞食着捕获的猎物。
 The lioness bounded across the plain, hard on the heels of a terrified gazelle.     母狮在平原上跳跃着，紧紧地跟在惊恐的小羚羊后面。
example sentence not found
 I'd like to tell you what I know but my lips are sealed.     我何尝不想把我知道的都告诉你，只是有口难言。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ghost of a smile (ie a very faint smile) played round her lips.     她嘴角上露著一丝微笑.
 Lipstick and hair conditioner are cosmetics.     口红和护发素都是化妆品.
example sentence not found
 Kate is a pretty girl with large liquid eyes.     凯特是一个有一双水汪汪大眼睛的漂亮姑娘。
example sentence not found
 He lost all he possessed when his company was put into liquidation.     当公司被清算结业时他失去了拥有的一切。
 The bank has progressively increased its liquidity.     银行逐渐地增加其流动资产。
 The liquor is 80% proof.     这种酒为标准度数的80%.
 Lisa is crying. What's up with her?     莉沙在哭，她怎么了？
 The child has a bad lisp.     这孩子的口齿十分不清。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She complained about the omission of her name from the list.     她抱怨名单上遗漏了她的名字。
 She is listening to the radio.     她在听收音机。
 She is a good listener at class.     在课堂上，她是个认真听讲的人。
 He is listening in to Radio Beijing.     他正在收听北京广播电台的广播。
 The damaged vessel was listing badly.     受损坏的船倾斜得很厉害.
 A metric unit of volume equal to one-tenth(10-1) of a liter.     分升容量的公制单位之一，等于1／10（10－1）升
example sentence not found
 Don't be so literal-minded you know what I meant!     别那麽死心眼嘛－－你知道我是什麽意思。
 The prediction was literally accomplished.     这个预言确实实现了。
 British essayist noted for his trenchant literary criticism. His works include The Characters of Shakespeare's Plays(1817).     哈兹利特，威廉1778－1830因犀利的文学批评而闻名的英国散文家，他的作品包括莎士比亚戏剧中的人物（1817年）
 Though nearly twenty he was barely literate.     他都快二十了, 还是睁眼瞎子.
 The lecturer is lecturing on Russian literature.     讲师正在讲俄罗斯文学。
example sentence not found
 He was fined for littering on the sidewalks.     他因在人行横道上乱扔杂物而被罚款。
 The little that I have seen of his work is satisfactory.     他的工作就我所见的那一小部分而言是令人满意的。
 The cat is playing with a live mouse.     猫在戏弄那只活老鼠。
 I like playing in the band, but I don't do it just for fun; it's my livelihood.     我喜欢在乐队里演奏，但这不只是为了好玩，而是我的谋生之道。
 She had a lively sense of humor.     她幽默感很强。
 Excessive dosage of this drug can result in injury to the liver.     这种药使用过量会损害肝脏.
 Since liberation livestock has grown by590 percent here.     解放以来，这里的牲畜增长了百分之五百九十。
 What do you do for a living?     你以什么谋生？
 Have you finished loading up?     你装完了没有？
 The ship was loaded down with extra cargo.     额外的货物使船装载超重。
 He plans to import an automatic bobbin loader..     他计画进囗一架自动装线机。
 The steps necessary to place a computer in fully operational status; it, typically, consists of loading the operating system.     使计算机完全进入运行状态必需的步骤，它通常包括装入操作系统。参阅coldboot。
 We loafed for hours in the park.     我们在公园里闲逛了几个小时。
 She offered me the loan of her car.     她提出把汽车借给我用。
 I was loath to go with him.     我不愿和他一起去。
 We loafed for hours in the park.     我们在公园里闲逛了几个小时。
 I waited for her in the lobby of theatre yesterday.     昨天我在戏院的大厅等她。
example sentence not found
 Lobster has eight legs and two long claws.     龙虾有八条腿两条爪子。
 The express train is an hour faster than the local.     快车比慢车快一小时。
example sentence not found
 The district or locality in which such a group lives.     区域这样一群人住的区域或位置
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Distribution of a locally broadcast radio or television program by way of a network or satellite to a larger audience or group of receivers.     传播地方电台广播或电视节目通过无线电或卫星传送给更多的听众和观众或更大的接收群体
 After he retires he's going to locate in California.     他打算退休后到加里弗尼亚定居。
 Located in a dismal or remote area.     荒凉的处于荒凉或遥远的地方的
 He indicated the location of the Persian Gulf with a pen on the map.     他用一支笔在地图上标出了波斯湾的位置。
 In computer graphics, a hand-held locator operated by moving it on a flat surface.A mouse generally contains a control ball or a pair of wheels.     在计算机绘图技术中，通过在平面上移动进行操作的一种手握的画面定位装置。它通常有一个控制球或一对轮子。
 After the burglary I had all the locks changed.     在遭到盗窃之后，我把所有的锁都换了。
 The locker room of an athletic team.     更衣室运动队有橱柜的房间
 There's a knack in/to locking this door which takes a while to master.     锁这门要有窍门, 得用些时间才能学会.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The court is acting in loco parent.     正以家长地位行为的法院。
 He is a locomotive engineer.     他是一名火车司机。
 The taxpayer do not have locus stand in this court.     该纳税人没有在法庭上的陈述权。
 A locust is a kind of destructive insect.     蝗虫是一种害虫。
 The bullet became lodged in her spine.     那颗子弹嵌在她的脊椎骨里。
 Where are you lodging?     你在哪里寄宿?
 She hate his lofty manner.     她恨他那傲慢的举止。
 The captain described the accident in the ship's log.     船长在航海日志中描述了这次事故。
example sentence not found
 The pilot of the crashed aircraft had logged up several hundred hours' flying time on jets.     这架坠机的飞行员，其空中飞行时间已达数百小时。
 It is no logger possible to obtain supplies of this material, but the very similar article no.6 is in good supply.     此种原料已不可能再获得供应，但与之非常类似的6号货品却能大量供应。
 A logging sled.     滑板中耕机
 There's no logic in spending money on things you don't need.     把钱花在不需要的东西上是没有道理的。
 Marked by logical sequence.     连贯的符合逻辑顺序的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Price cut inevitable as new crop available soon loll off until notice.     新的谷物即将上市，价格降低在所难免，请稳住另候通知。
 London is spelt with a capital L'.     London一字中L是大写的.
 Loneliness almost drive her mad.     孤独几乎使她发疯了。
 The lonely child is longing for the caress of his mother.     这个孤独的孩子渴望母亲的爱抚。
 He felt lonesome at home alone.     他一个人呆在家里感到寂寞。
 She longed to be back in China.     她渴望回到中国。
 A unit of length equal to one millionth(10-6) of a meter. No longer in technical use.     微米等于百万分之一（10－6）米的长度单位。不再用于科技
 Proper rest and enough sleep contribute to longevity.     适当的休息和足够的睡眠有益于长寿。
 Having or expressing a wish or longing.     渴望的，急切希望的有或表达希望或渴望的
 Nothing make the earth seem so spacious as to have friend at a distance; they make latitude and longitude.     没有一件事情比得上有朋在远方更使这地球显得如此广大的了；他们构成纬度，也构成经度。
 They looked forward very much to seeing him again.     他们非常盼望再次见到他。
 He looks ten years younger.     他看起来年轻了10岁。
 The mountainous island loomed on the horizon.     那座巨大的岛屿隐隐约约浮现在地平线上。
 The news of their marriage knocked me for a loop.     他们结婚的消息使我大吃一惊。
 Never tell him a secret; he's got a loose tongue.     别把秘密告诉他，他的嘴不严。
 His principles sit loosely on him.     他的原则对他没有多大约束力。
 The government's control over the newspapers has loosened in recent years.     近年来政府已放松了对报纸的控制。
 Lord knows where he dug up that dreadful story.     天知道他那讨厌的故事是从哪里找来的。
 The maximum load for this lorry is one ton.     这辆卡车最大载重量是一吨。
 Such behaviour will lose you everyone's sympathy.     你这种表现大家就不会同情你了。
 I'm at a loss what to do next.     我不知道下一步怎么办。
 It's surprising: they lost!     他们竟然失败了，真没想到！
 You have lots of time to finish the work.     你有充裕的时间来完成这项工作。
example sentence not found
 He scooped 1000 in the lottery.     他在抽彩中捷足先登赢得1000英镑.
 Don't you think the radio's a bit loud?     你觉得收音机的声音是不是太吵了点？
 The amplitude or loudness of a sound.     音量声音的响度或强度
 A loudspeaker designed to reproduce bass frequencies.     低频扬声器设计用来再现低音频率的扬声器
 She is waiting for me in the departure lounge.     她在候机室等我。
 She is the most lovable among all girls.     所有姑娘中她是最可爱的。
 I love my motherland.     我爱我的祖国。
 The lovely boy has beautiful blonde curls.     这个可爱的小男孩长着漂亮的金黄色卷发。
 His lover is a beautiful girl.     他的情人是一个美丽的女孩。
 Judy bent her face low over the notebook.     朱迪把脸凑近笔记本。
 Tom was lying on the lower bunk.     汤姆躺在下铺。
example sentence not found
 The lowest part, as of an embankment or a dam.     坡脚最底下的部分，如堤防或坝的
 I may say in all sincerity that you have been my most loyal friend.     我可以非常真诚地说，你一直是我最忠实的朋友。
 You can't put a price on that sort of loyalty.     那样的忠心是不能用金钱来衡量的.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The style is lucid and lively.     笔调很明快。
 He had wonderful luck in all his ventures.     他干任何事情运气都好。
 You lucky rascal!     你这个幸运的家伙！
 I've been offered a lucrative contract in the States: it's only for six months but I might as well make hay while the sun shines.     美国向我提供了一项有利的契约，时间仅6个月，但我也会抓住时机勿失良机的。
 His idea is ludicrous.     他的想法很荒唐。
 We've got to fit five people plus all their luggage in the car.     我们得在汽车里挤下五个人和全部行李。
 Indifferent or lukewarm especially in matters of religion.     淡漠的漠不关心或不热情的，尤指对宗教事务
 The mother lulled the baby to sleep.     母亲哄着孩子入睡了。
 He has a lumber-mill.     他有一个锯木厂。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Giving off light; luminous.     发光的散发光的；明亮的
 The boys agreed to lump the expenses of their camping holiday.     孩子们同意把露营费合在一起而不分彼此。
example sentence not found
 The astronauts piloted their craft down to the lunar surface.     宇航员驾驶宇宙飞船在月球表面降落.
example sentence not found
 You're driving on the wrong side of the road, you lunatic!     你现在是逆行开车，你这个蠢材！
 We had a very tolerable lunch.     我们吃了顿很不错的午餐。
 Thank you for your luncheon invitation for Sunday afternoon, January the tenth, at one o'clock.     感谢您邀请我（们）出席1月10日（星期天）下午1点举行的午餐。
 Usually I only have a snack at lunchtime.     我中午通常只吃点心.
 Is there a link between smoking and lung disease?     吸烟与肺部疾病之间有关系吗？
 He lunged wildly at his opponent.     他疯狂地扑向对手.
 The enemy of human happiness is always lying at lurch.     人类幸福的大敌总是伺机进行破坏的。
 The enticement of the big city lure her away from her home.     大城市的种种诱惑吸引了她离家出走。
 A lurid, melodramatic, but accurate account of the accident.     关于这事件的一则轰动且耸人听闻但确切的报导
 Danger lurked in the atmosphere.     氛围中隐藏着危险。
 I like the luscious taste of ripe peaches.     我喜欢熟桃的香甜味。
 Sure, his dad is a lush, but he's always the life of the party.     没错，他父亲是个酒鬼，但他永远是宴会的灵魂人物。
 His lust for power will never be satisfied.     他的权力欲永不能得到满足。
 The luster characteristic of a pearl of high quality.     珍珠光泽一种高品质珍珠所特有光泽
 Preoccupied with sex and sexual desire; lustful.     放荡的，淫荡的性方面放荡的和充满色情欲望的；贪欲的
example sentence not found
 A smooth, lustrous, variously colored deposit, chiefly calcium carbonate, formed around a grain of sand or other foreign matter in the shells of certain mollusks and valued as a gem.     珍珠在几种软体动物的贝壳中，围绕着一粒沙子或其他外来物质形成的一种光滑、有色泽、具有不同颜色且主要是碳酸钙的沉积物，被珍视为宝石
 A lusty cry.     强有力的吼叫
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Luxuriant forests covered the hills.     山上长满茂密的树林。
 He took a long luxurious hot bath when he came back home.     回家后，他舒适地在热水中泡了很长时间。
 She has lived in luxury all her life.     她一生生活奢侈。
example sentence not found
 Lying north of the church is a girls' senior high school.     位于这座教堂以北的是一所女子高中。
 A vessel that conveys lymph.     输送淋巴的淋巴管
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The anthology reveals a prejudice in favour of lyric poets.     这部选集显示出对抒情诗人有所偏爱.
 Gave a lyrical description of her experiences in the South Seas.     对她在南太平洋的经历作了热情的描述
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Schubert set some of Goethe's lyrics to music.     舒伯特把歌德的一些抒情诗谱成了歌曲。
example sentence not found
 The hotel is run by a Miss Doris. But it seems she's away in Brest for the day. When the cat's away. Ma said.     这家旅馆是一个名叫多丽丝的小组经营的。但是，好像今天她出门到布雷斯特去了。大王外出，小鬼跳粱。妈妈说道。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Old Mabel is still going strong and still working on his farm every day.     老梅布尔依然很健壮，每天还在他的农场里工作。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The man you saw yesterday is Mr. Macdonald.     你昨天见到的那个人是麦克唐纳先生。
 She put some mace into the meat.     她往肉里加了一些肉豆蔻干皮。
example sentence not found
 For him fame does not count for mach     在他看来名誉算不了什么。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The edge must be machined to 0.02 millimeters.     这边缘必须切割到0.02毫米的精密度。
 At daybreak our machine guns opened up.     黎明时，我们的机枪开火了。
 Programming languages are divided into three types: machine language, which is also called an instruction system, is the only one used directly by computers.     程序设计语言分为机器语言、汇编语言和高级语言三类。机器语言是计算机唯一能直接使用的语言，也叫做计算机指令系统；
 Much machinery has been installed.     已经安装了许多新机器。
example sentence not found
 He sent her a box of her favourite chocolates. It was a sprat to catch a mackerel, and he waited eagerly for her reply.     他送给她一盒她最喜欢吃的巧克力，这是想吃小亏占大便宜，现在他正迫切地等待着她的反应。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They are mad about football.     他们对足球很狂热。
 She's a real little madam!     她是个十足的小姐！
 Madame Song told the children a story yesterday.     宋夫人昨天给孩子们讲了个故事。
 It maddens me that she was chosen instead of me.     选中她而未选中我，真把我气死了。
 The box has spat forth maddening nine- second sound bite.     电视机已经整整吐放了九秒钟令人疯狂的插播。
 A madman mutilated the painting by cutting holes in it.     有个疯子破坏了那幅画，在上面划了许多窟窿。
 There's a strain of madness in the family.     那一家人都有点疯疯颠颠的.
 This magazine has a large circulation.     这本杂志发行量很大。
 The paper turned green as if by magic.     这纸魔术般地变成了绿色。
 We can see a magical view over the calm water of the bay from our window.     从我们的窗户里可以看到海湾里平静海水的迷人景色。
 The magician displayed his charms and potions.     魔术师展示了咒符和有魔力的饮品。
 The magistrate refused his bail.     地方法官不准他保释。
 He is a leader who is magnanimous in victory.     他是个在胜利时宽宏大度的领袖。
 The list so settled it now a slate, unless some discontented magnate objects and threatens to withdraw. To do so is calledbreaking the slate.     除非某个心怀不满的大亨加以反对并威胁要退出，这样决定下来的名单就成了人名单。如果出现反对或退出的行为，那就称为“撕毁候选人名单”。
example sentence not found
 Human beings have learned out how to make magnet of cast iron.     人类已经学会如何从生铁制出磁铁。
 The loop becomes magnetic when the current is switched on.     通电时线圈就会有磁性。
 Magnetism produced by electric charge in motion.     电磁性由运动电荷引起的磁性
 An image that is too small to be read without magnification.     一种需要经过放大才可阅读的微小图象。
 These magnificent palaces impressed the foreigners deeply.     这些宏伟的宫殿给外宾们留下了深刻的印象。
 This lens can magnify 20 diameter.     这个透镜能放大20倍。
 You haven't realized the magnitude of her achievement.     你没有认识到她这一成就的重大意义。
 A maid or nurse native to India.     女佣印度本地的侍女或护士
 The ship will start its maiden voyage next Monday.     这艘船将于下周一开始它的处女航。
 I opened my mail and was surprised to see a broken vase.     我打开了邮件，惊讶地发现了一个打碎的花瓶。
 I put the letter in the mailbox.     我把信投入邮箱。
example sentence not found
 He was maimed in a First World War battle.     他在第一次世界大战的一埸战斗中受伤致残.
 The teacher asked me to note down the main points of the speech.     老师要求我把演说的要点记下来。
 A shared portal from a local network into a larger information resource such as a large packet-switched information network or a mainframe computer.     从一局部网到更大的信息源（例如大型包交换信息网或计算机主机）的一种共享入口。
 Father finally got in touch with his brother in mainland China.     父亲终于与大陆上的弟弟联络上了。
example sentence not found
 People in this shop are mainly tourists.     这家商店里的人们大都是游客。
example sentence not found
 The car has to be constantly maintained.     汽车必须经常保养。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Regulation and control of the affairs of a community, especially with respect to maintenance of order, law, health, morals, safety, and other matters affecting the public welfare.     警政对一个社区的事务的管理和控制，特别是对有关秩序、法律、健康、道德和安全的维护，以及其它影响到公共福利的事情
 Do you care for maize?     你喜欢吃玉米吗？
 Gazing at that majestic painting was for me an almost transcendental experience.     我凝视著那幅气势磅　的画, 一种堪称超凡的感受油然而生.
 Strip majesty of its exteriors(the first and last letters) and it becomes a jest.     剥掉了majesty[威严]的外皮（头尾两个字母）就成为ajest［一则笑话］啦。
 The play was a major success.     这出戏大获成功。
 She reaches her majority next month.     她下个月就到成年年龄了。
 Wine is made from grapes.     葡萄酒是用葡萄酿成的。
example sentence not found
 Poor Fred: he's gone to meet his Maker.     可怜的弗雷德，他已经去见上帝了。
 A crude or makeshift bed.     简易床简陋的或权作使用的床
 I can not tell who's who when the women take off their makeup.     女士们卸了妆，我就分辨不出谁是谁。
 A large sheet of paper folded once in the middle, making two leaves or four pages of a book or manuscript.     对折纸在中间对折的一张大纸，制成书或手稿中的两张或四页
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A bodily disorder or disease; a malady or an ailment.     疾病身体的失调或疾病；疾病或小毛病
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There are many malaria sufferers in hospital.     医院里有很多疟疾病人。
 The capital and largest city of Malaysia, on the southwest Malay Peninsula northwest of Singapore. Founded by tin miners in1857, it is the commercial and industrial hub of the country. Population, 937,817.     吉隆坡马来西亚的首都和最大城市，位于马来半岛的西南部、新加坡西北。于1857年由锡矿工人建立，现为该国的商业和工业中心。人口937，817
 There are 13 states in Malaysia.     马来西亚有十三个州.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This flower is a male flower.     这朵花是雄花。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The quality or state of being malevolent.     恶毒处于邪恶的状态或具有恶毒的特征
 A procedure to terminate execution of a program when an unrecoverable error or malfunction occurs.     异常结束当一种无法补救的错误或故障发生时中止计算机程序的运行
example sentence not found
 It seems so absurd to bear malice after all that.     经过这一切之后还抱有怨恨情绪是很荒谬的。
 To do her justice, she was never malicious.     说句公道话, 她从来没有恶意。
 She likes to malign innocent persons.     她爱诋毁那些清白的人。
example sentence not found
 It's a malignant slander to me.     这对我是恶意的诽谤。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Saw all manner of people at the mall.     在购物中心看到各种各样的人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The malleable mind of the pragmatist.     实用主义者那适应性很强的思想
 The drummer was worried because his mallet was missing one minute before the concert.     鼓手很著急，因为他的小音槌在音乐会开始前一分钟不见了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The host took out a bottle of 12-year-old malt whisky to entertain us.     男主人拿出了一瓶12年的优质麦芽威士忌。
example sentence not found
 Mama said my illness would go away, but she could be wrong.     妈妈说我的病一定会好的，但她可能说错了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A whale is no less a mammal than a horse is.     鲸鱼和马一样都是哺乳动物。
example sentence not found
 A corresponding organ in other mammals.     胸脯其它哺乳动物的相应器官
 The mammoth fell into an ice crevasse.     猛犸掉进冰河裂缝里了。
 The staff speak as one man on this issue.     在这个问题上全体职员意见一致。
example sentence not found
 His wife knows how to manage him when he is angry.     他的妻子知道在他生气时怎么对付他。
 Step must be taken to reduce the problem to manageable proportions.     必须采取措施将问题缩小到可控制的范围。
 The failure of the scheme was due to bad management.     计划的失败是由于管理不善。
 Our manager is conversant with account system.     我们的经理精通会计制度。
 What they need most is managerial talent.     他们最需要的是管理人才。
 The managing director has the nominal power but he is a paper tiger and it is his assistant who actually runs the company.     总经理名义上有权，可却是一只纸考虑，实际管理着公司的是他的助手。
example sentence not found
 Three inches of rain fell in Manchester last night.     曼彻斯特市昨夜降雨三英寸.
example sentence not found
 Britain was mandated to govern the former colony of German East Africa.     英国受权代管德国在东非的前殖民地.
 The predetermined mandatory order, organization or position of symbols in a computer instruction, data or word, data transmission message, etc. The order is mandatory so that the computer can understand and interpret the information.     对计算机的指令、数据或字以及数据传输所预先确定的且必须遵循的各种符号的次序、结构或位置。次序必须遵循，否则计算机不能理解和解释信息。
example sentence not found
 The lion tossed his mane.     那头雄狮抖动鬃毛。
 A maneuver causing someone to stumble or fall.     绊使某人绊倒或跌倒的动作
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There are many badly mangled bodies of those killed by the explosion.     那有许多在爆炸中被炸得残缺不全的尸体。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 State authorities yesterday pulled the plug on a Manhattan money-wiring operation that allegedly funneled millions of dollars to and from banks in the Dominican Republic, mainly for use by drug dealers.     州政府当局昨天勒令曼哈顿一家电汇款项的商号歇业。据说其与多米尼加共和国数家银行往来调动美金数百万地，主要供毒贩使用。
 Members of certain tribes perform special ceremonies when they reach manhood.     某些部落的男人在达到成年时要举行特殊的庆祝仪式。
example sentence not found
 He drives like a maniac.     他象疯子似地开车。
example sentence not found
 His generosity manifests itself in times of need.     他的慷慨在困境中表现了出来。
 That manifestation showed our power.     那次示威运动显示了我们的力量。
example sentence not found
 His interests are manifold.     他的兴趣广泛。
 A hand-held, button-activated input device that when rolled along a flat surface directs an indicator to move correspondingly about a computer screen, allowing the operator to move the indicator freely, as to select operations or manipulate text or graphics.     鼠标一种手用的、用按扭控制的输入设备，当在平台上滑动时可以相应地移动计算机屏幕上的指示箭头，使得操作者可以随意控制指示箭头，由此来选择项目、控制内容或作图
 His clever manipulation of the stock market make him lots of money.     他在股票交易中买卖精明，赚了很多钱。
example sentence not found
 Christ's atonement is for the sins of mankind.     耶稣的赎罪是为了人类。
 Football is a manly sport.     足球是一项激烈的体育运动。
 I don't like to talk with him; he has a very rude manner.     我不喜欢和他说话，他态度粗野。
 It's bad manners to ask other's salary if you are not very familiar.     如果你们不是很熟的话，问别人薪水多少是很不礼貌的。
 These shameful manoeuvreswere aimed at securing his election.     这种可耻的伎俩都是为了能让他当选.
 I doubt whether they really have sufficient manpower.     我怀疑他们是否真有足够的人力。
 The poor girl was astonished by the sumptuous furnishings of the mansion.     这个贫穷的女孩被大厦里的豪华的陈设惊呆了。
example sentence not found
 The mountain was covered with a mantle of snow.     山上覆盖着一层雪。
 Work done by machines has replaced manual labour.     机器生产已经代替了手工劳作.
 A machine designed to product print-like text on paper or similar material as a result of an operator manually depressing keys consecutively on a keyboard.     一种机器，操作员连续按动键盘上的键时，在纸上或类似的材料上产生类似印刷的正文。
 The manufacture of these small components is expensive.     制造这些小部件是非常昂贵的。
 A place where drugs and chemicals are manufactured.     药厂用于生产药品和化学物质的地方
 They bought the machine directly from the manufacturer.     他们直接从厂商那里购买了这台机器。
 British manufacturing industry has been running down for years.     英国的制造业多年来一直在走下坡路.
 Animal dung may be used as manure.     动物的粪便可以作为肥料使用。
 The earliest extant manuscript of this poem has been kept in the museum.     此诗现存最早的原稿收藏在这座博物馆里。
 Many diseases are caused by bacteria.     许多疾病是由细菌引起的。
 We got lost because we couldn't read the map.     我们迷路了，因为我们看不懂这张地图。
 The garden is flanked to the north with large maple trees.     花园的北侧是一些高大的枫树.
 The technique of mapping a region or district.     地志学绘制地区地图或行政区地图的技术
 Such a mistake would mar your career.     这种错误会有损你的事业。
 He can hardly run a mile, much less the marathon.     他连一哩都跑不了，更不用说马拉松了。
 This table is made of marble.     这个桌子是大理石的。
 Science is on the march.     科学正在进步中。
 The little boy likes to make notes in the margin of books.     小男孩喜欢在书页空白边上做笔记。
 Barren or marginal farmland.     荒芜或边远的农田
 The risk of breakage is covered by marine insurance, isn't it?     破碎险是包括在海洋运输货物险之内的，对吗？
 He recited the whole of The Ancient Mariner to us off the reel.     他一口气把《古水手吟》从头到尾都背诵出来了。
 Paranoia reigns supreme among the women, causing much marital conflict.     偏执狂现象在妇女中很盛行，引起了许多婚姻纠纷。
 The country's maritime provinces are rich.     这个国家沿海的省份非常富有。
 The wet glass left a mark on the surface of the table.     湿杯子在桌面上留下一个痕迹。
example sentence not found
 A religious sacrament marked by the symbolic use of water and resulting in admission of the recipient into the community of Christians.     洗礼，浸礼宗教圣礼，象征性地用水洗浴，以表示受洗者被接受入基督教团体
 A mound of stones erected as a memorial or marker.     锥形石冢一堆石头，用于表示纪念或标志
 The market is rather depressed at the moment.     目前的市场相当萧条。
 Suitable for buying and selling; marketable.     适销的适于买卖的；可以销售的
 The marketing team brainstorm for hour in designing the marketing campaign for the new product.     行销小组脑力激荡多时，集思广益，设计新产品的行销策略。
 The company's market share is 48 percent in the marketplace.     这家公司的市场占有率是百分之四十八。
 Two unhappy marriages have left their mark on her.     两次婚姻不幸给她留下了极坏的印象.
example sentence not found
 The sailors took command of the ship from the cruel captain and marooned him on a desert island.     水手们从残酷的船长手中夺过了指挥权，把他放逐到一个荒岛上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Marriage is for life.     婚姻是终身大事。
 She thinks they can get married on his earnings of only fifty pounds a week but she's living in a fool's paradise.     她以为他每周只要挣50英镑，他们就可以结婚，但她是陶醉在虚无缥渺的乐境之中而已。
 Come by the fire you must be chilled to the marrow!     到火旁边来吧－－你一定冻坏了。
 Will you marry me?     你愿意和我结婚吗？
 Scientists are studying the photographs of Mars for signs of life.     科学家们正在研究火星的照片，寻求生命的迹象。
example sentence not found
 Low, flat, swampy land; a bog or marsh.     沼泽低平的沼泽地；泥塘或湿地
 He sat nervously, marshal his thought.     他紧张地坐着，整理着他的思绪。
 A division of Oceania in the western Pacific Ocean comprising the islands east of the Philippines and north of the equator. It includes the Caroline, Marshall, Mariana, and Gilbert islands.     密克罗尼西亚西太平洋上菲律宾群岛以东，赤道以北的岛群，是大洋洲的一部分，包括加罗林群岛，马绍尔群岛，马里亚纳群岛和吉尔伯特群岛
 In the long March, our Red Army soldiers succeeded in wading through the marshland.     长征中，我们的红军战士成功地涉过了沼泽地。
example sentence not found
 Low or marshy ground washed by tidal waters.     洼地，沼泽由波浪之水流引起的低地或沼泽地
example sentence not found
 New York and London are two great marts of the world.     纽约和伦敦是世界两大商业中心。
 He faced a court martial for disobeying orders.     他因不服从命令受到军法审判.
 Jack is death on martial arts.     杰克擅长格斗术。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Denise and Martin have recently become parents.     丹尼斯和马丁最近当爸爸妈妈了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She died a martyr for liberty.     她为自由而捐躯。
 Martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability.     殉教行为，是无德无能者可以一举成名的惟一途径。
 They marvelled that she would make such a decision.     他们对她做出如此决定感到惊奇。
 The students did some marvellous impressions of the teachers at the end-of-term party.     在期末联欢会上，学生模仿教师惟妙惟肖令人捧腹。
 Who's that marvelous woman?  Darling, don't you know?  Darling, I haven't the ghost of.     那个了不起的女人是谁呀？亲爱的，你不知道吗？亲爱的，一点也不知道。
example sentence not found
 Marx is the progenitor of Communism.     马克思是共产主义的创始人.
 Marxism believes that the world exists outside us and independently of us.     马克思主义认为世界存在于我们之外，而且独立于我们而存在。
 That kind of person is anything but a Marxist.     那种人根本不是马克思主义者。
 She was baptized Mary.     她受洗礼时被命名为玛利。
 A member of a House of Delegates, the lower house of the Maryland, Virginia, or West Virginia legislature.     州议院议员马里兰州、弗吉尼亚州和西弗吉尼亚州三州国会议员中的众议院议员
 There are three genders in German: masculine, feminine and neuter.     德语中有三性: 阳性、 阴性和中性.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She loves sausage and mash.     她喜欢香肠和土豆泥。
 The car has been badly mashed up in the accident.     这辆汽车在事故中被压碎了。
 Her smile masked true feelings.     她的微笑掩饰了她的感情。
 Her smile masked true feelings.     她的微笑掩饰了她的感情。
example sentence not found
 Miss Mason bought a beautiful car yesterday and must have spent a bomb thereby.     梅森小姐昨天买了一辆非常漂亮的车，她一定花了一大笔钱。
 The masonry is crumbling.     石屋日渐崩溃。
 The robbers got into the bank by masquerading as security men.     劫匪假装成保安人员进入银行。
 Crowds massed along the road where the king would pass.     群众聚集在国王要经过的街道旁。
 The engineers have worked out some ways of controlling quality in high-speed industrial mass production.     工程师们已经找出一些方法来控制在高速、大批量情况下生产出来的产品的质量。
 A town of northeast Massachusetts, a primarily residential suburb of Boston. Population, 22,539.     里丁镇位于马萨诸塞州东北部的一城镇，原为波士顿一住宅的郊区。人口22，539
 The game was a complete massacre; we lost 10-0.     那次比赛真是一次惨败，我们0比10输了。
 Medical treatment by mechanical methods, such as massage.     机械疗法用机械方法（如按摩）对疾病进行治疗的方法
example sentence not found
 The wedding got massive media coverage.     婚礼得到大众传播媒介的广泛报道。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The tall man always wore his trousers at half mast.     那高个子老是穿着一条长不及踝的裤子。
example sentence not found
 The puppy was fawning on its master.     小狗朝着主人摇尾乞怜。
example sentence not found
 The statesman is master of the situation.     这位政治家控制住了局面。
 School has made him into a mastermind.     学校使他变成了一个足智多谋的人。
 Technicallythe building is a masterpiece, but few people like it.     就技术而言那座建筑物是杰作, 但却没人喜欢.
example sentence not found
 He demonstrated a mastery of Arabic.     他显示了对阿拉伯语的精通。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Will this paint give a gloss or a matt finish?     这种颜料有无光泽?
 Apparently sensitive to criticism, the bull forgot all about the matador and charged at the drunk.     看来那公牛对挑衅很敏感，它完全撇开斗牛士，直奔醉汉而来。
 The hat and shoes are a perfect match.     这顶帽子和鞋子完全相配。
example sentence not found
 A filter whose transfer function is matched with the frequency spectrum function of input signal.     其传递函数与输入信号的频谱函数相匹配的一种滤波器。
example sentence not found
 He is looking for a wife but he hasn't found his ideal mate.     他正在寻找未来的妻子，但还没有找到理想人选。
 He is collecting materials for a book.     他正在为写书搜集素材。
example sentence not found
 Our plans did not materialize.     我们的计画未能实现.
 A market condition in which purchasers are so few that the actions of any one of them can materially affect price and the costs that competitors must pay.     寡头买主垄断一种由少量买方控制的市场状况，由于买主极少，以至于任一买主的行为都有可能极大地影响价格及竞买者所必须偿付的费用
 The high cost of raw materials is keeping prices up.     原料费用昂贵使得产品价格居高不下。
 Military materiel, such as weapons, ammunition, combat vehicles, and equipment.     军械军事物质，包括武器、弹药、战车及装备
 She feels very maternal towards him.     她对他充满母爱。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 When new math was introduced into schools, many parents were perplexed by it.     当学校开设新的数学课时，许多家长对此感到迷惑不解。
 The students are working on a mathematical problem.     学生们正在解一道数学习题。
 In binary floating-point concepts, a value with an associated sign which is mathematically greater in magnitude than any binary floating-point number.     在二进制浮点数中，一种带有符号的特定值，其量值大于一台计算机所能表达的任何二进制浮点数。
 British astronomer, physicist, and mathematician noted for his work on the kinetic theory of gases and his investigations into the relationships between mathematical concepts and the natural world.     詹姆斯，詹姆斯・霍普伍德1877－1946英国天文学家、物理学家和数学家。以气体动力学的研究和探索数学同自然界之间的关系著称
 The elemental mathematics is very easy.     初等数学很简单。
 Schools in this area are piloting the new maths course.     这一带的学校正试用新的数学教程。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A matrix used in constructing a symbol or character image on a display screen.     用来在显示屏幕上构造出一个符号或字符图象的一种点阵。
 The matron looked a comfortable, motherly soul but she soon showed her teeth if any of the inmates gave signs of having minds of their own.     那个女看守看上去内心平静，待人像慈母一般，但是只要被收容者有迹象自作主张，她可就不那么客气了。
example sentence not found
 What's the matter? Why are you crying?     怎么回事？你为什么哭？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The mattress was hard and unyielding.     这床垫很硬, 没有弹性.
example sentence not found
 His character has greatly matured in the years.     这些年他的性格已大大成熟。
 His experience has a slow maturity.     他的经验缓慢地成熟。
example sentence not found
 Stop pulling my arm, you have no right to maul me about like this!     别拉我的胳膊，你没有权利这样粗暴地对待我！
 Don't just maunder about: do some work!     别光闲荡了, 做点正经事吧!
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Argot renewal on same term rest since our current sale max cannot increase as competition keener here.     希望以相同条件签约，因此地竞争激烈，本公司目前无法提高销售极限。
 Maxim seems to be particularly fond of her.     马西姆似乎特别喜欢她。
 She will be a maximal help to here.     她到这儿将是个极大的帮助。
example sentence not found
 This hall holds a maximum of seventy people.     这厅最多容纳七十人。
 He will graduate from the school in May.     他将要在五月份毕业。
 The students are going to get up a concert on May Day evening.     在五一节晚上，学生们准备举行一次音乐会。
 Maybe that's what I'll do.     这大概正是我要做的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Light beer; light mayonnaise.     低度啤酒；低脂蛋黄酱
 They protested to the mayor that the taxes were too high.     他们向市长提出抗议说税款过高。
 We were quite disorientated by the maze of streets.     街道曲曲弯弯的, 把我们弄得迷失了方向.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They paid me the princely sum of USD5000.     他们慷慨地给我5000美元。
example sentence not found
 A beverage typically made of fermented honey and water; mead.     蜂蜜酒主要用发酵的蜂蜜和水酿成的酒；蜜酒
 The workers are scything in the meadow.     工人们正在草地上割草。
 Particulars are too meager to form a decision.     详情不明，难以做出裁夺。
 He was so weak from hunger he could hardly raise his meagre arms.     他饿得虚弱无力，连骨瘦如柴的胳膊都举不起来。
 My mother usually cooks a hot meal in the evening.     我妈妈通常在晚上煮一顿热饭。
 Meals are extra.     伙食费另加。
example sentence not found
 I don't understand what the word means.     我不懂这个词是什么意思。
example sentence not found
 You mistook my meaning entirely.     你完全误解了我的意思。
 That statement is not very meaningful.     那项声明没有多大意义。
example sentence not found
 Irrelevant or meaningless data generated by a computer along with desired data.     无用数据计算机产生的与所需数据不相干或无意义的数据
example sentence not found
 The sum of meanings and corresponding implications inherent in a term.     内涵一个名辞里固有的含义和暗含意思的总和
 We express our thought by means of words.     我们用词句来表达思想。
 The racer meant to win the500-meter race at all risks.     这个参赛者下定决心无论如何要赢得500公尺赛跑的胜利。
 Physicists are studying new ways of generating electricity with less damage to the environment. In the meantime, many power plants are being modernized to give off less polluting material.     物理学家们正在研究对环境危害少的发电新方法，与此同时，许多发电厂也在实现现代化以减少污染物质的释放量。
 Meanwhile the minutes kept ticking away.     其时，时间一分一分地过去。
 Measles is an infectious disease.     麻疹是种传染病。
 What a measly birthday present!     多麽小气的生日礼物哇!
 A measurable figure in literature.     文学界的一个值得注意的人物
 An hour is a measure of time.     小时是时间的一个量度单位。
 We measured the difference(s) in temperature.     我们测量了温度的变化.
 The overall measurement of this room is 80 square meters.     这个屋子的面积是80平方米。
 The room measures 10 metres across.     这房间宽10米.
 There's not much meat on that bone.     那块骨头上没多少肉。
example sentence not found
 The Muslim delegation is shortly going on a pilgrimage to Mecca.     这个穆斯林代表团很快就要去麦加朝圣了。
 This machine isn't working; get a mechanic to see to it.     这台机器坏了, 找技工来修理一下吧.
 We need a mechanical digger to level the ground.     我们需要一台挖掘机来平整土地。
 A program for protocol verification which mechanically generates all states reachable from a given initial state and checks the validity of user defined conditions in each state.     验证协议的程序，它从一个给定的初始状态机械地产生出一切可以到达的状态，并且审查每一状态下用户定义的条件的有效性。
 He failed in the examination of mechanics.     他没通过力学考试。
 The watch has delicate mechanism.     这块表有精细的机械装置。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The general pinned the medal on the soldier's chest.     将军把奖章别在这位士兵的胸前。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Do not meddle with the tools.     不要乱动工具。
 By this means the meddlesome woman cast in a bone between the wife and the husband.     这爱管闲事的女人就用这种手段挑起他们夫妻这间的不和。
 The zealous demonstrators were ignored by the media.     热情的示威游行者被新闻媒介忽视了。
example sentence not found
 Mediate a labor-management dispute.     调停一劳动管理上的争端
example sentence not found
 One that acts as a mediator.     调解人充当调解人的人
example sentence not found
 The rapid spread of the disease is alarming the medical authorities.     这种疾病的迅速蔓延使医疗当局感到忧虑不安。
example sentence not found
 A treatment or medication that restores health.     恢复健康的治疗，恢复健康的药物
 Many plants have medicinal properties.     许多植物具有医药性能。
 There have been great advances in medicine in the last ten years.     在过去十年里，医学取得了巨大的进步。
example sentence not found
 Medieval painting is not his province.     中世纪的绘画不属於他的研究范围.
 A casual or mediocre player of a sport, especially golf.     漫不经心或平庸的运动员，尤指高尔夫球手
 Caricature is the tribute that mediocrity pays to genius.     笨拙的模仿，是凡人对天才呈献的赞词。
 Could you teach me how to meditate?     你能否教我如何打坐？
 He sat there meditating upon his misfortunes.     他坐在那里沉思自己的不幸遭遇。
 Characterized by or prone to meditation.     沉思冥想的以沉思冥想为特点的，爱沉思思冥想的
 The society's evils are worth meditative.     社会上的罪恶是值得思考的。
 The Suez Canal joins the Mediterranean and the Red Sea.     苏伊士运河连接著地中海和红海.
 A country of northwest Africa bordering on the Mediterranean Sea. Algeria gained its independence from France in1962 after a long terrorist and guerrilla campaign. Algiers is the capital and the largest city. Population, 16,948,000.     阿尔及利亚非洲西北部滨邻地中海的国家。经过长期的恐怖主义活动和游击战争，阿尔及利亚于1962年脱离法国统治宣布独立。阿尔及尔是首都及最大的城市。人口16，948，000
 This cloth is of medium quality.     这种布质量平平。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Blessed are the meek.     温顺的人有福了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The champion and the challenger meet next week.     下星期冠军将迎战挑战者。
 We will discuss the proposal at the meeting.     我们将在会议上讨论这项提议。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A funeral is a melancholy occasion.     葬礼是一个令人忧伤的场合。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The rush-hour melee.     上下班高峰时间的混乱情况
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The orchestra had a distinctively warm and mellow sound.     这个管弦乐队演奏的特色是声音优美柔和.
 Melodic ascent and descent of pitch.     旋律的变移声调旋律的上升或下降
 This piece of music is melodious.     这首音乐音调优美。
example sentence not found
 Marked by melodramatic intrigue and often espionage.     间谍的，惊险的以戏剧性的阴谋为特征的，常常指间谍活动
 The organist played a famous melody.     这位管风琴手演奏了一首著名的曲子。
 If it were him, he would cut the melon with a word.     换了他，一句话就可以把事情定下来。
 The sun melted the snow.     太阳使雪融化。
 A syrup, sauce, candy, or flavoring made by melting butter, brown sugar, and sometimes artificial flavorings.     奶油膏，奶油沙司，奶油硬糖由融化的奶油、黄糖，有时还有香精混合熬制的糖浆、沙司、糖块或调味品
 I don't know when we will be able to make a start because the whole project has gone back into the melting pot.     我不知道我们什么时候能开始，因为整个工程又回到了动荡不定的局面。
 She is a member of the Royal College of Nursing.     她是皇家护士协会的会员。
 We are trying to increase our membership.     我们正准备增收会员。
 The inward flow of a fluid through a permeable membrane toward a fluid of greater concentration.     内渗透一种液体透过可渗透膜流向另一种浓度比它高的液体的内部流动
 Something given or kept; a memento.     赠品赠给的或保存的东西；纪念品
 Keep this exchange memo for reconversion into foreign currency.     保存好这张兑换水单以便兑换回外币。
 At the end of his career in politics, he retired and wrote his memoirs.     他的从政生涯一结束便隐退写起了自己的回忆录。
example sentence not found
 We had a memorable trip last year.     我们去年有一次难忘的旅行。
 Kindly forward these by fast freight. enclosed please find a draft as per memorandum bill you send us.     上述货物，请尽快发货。按照贵公司寄我司的价格单，同函寄上汇票一份，请查收。
 This memorial commemorates those who died in the war.     这座纪念碑是纪念战争中牺牲者的.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She can memorize facts very quickly.     她能很快记住许多资料.
 We first met in New York, if my memory serves me.     如果我没记错的话，我们第一次相遇是在纽约。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The men at the party were mostly fairly young.     参加聚会的男子大都非常年轻。
 These weapons are a menace to world peace.     这些武器是对世界和平的威胁。
 A menacing or defiant wave or flourish.     威胁性或蔑视性的挥动或舞动
example sentence not found
 The mends were almost invisible.     修补过的地方几乎看不出来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 One who does menial work; a drudge.     苦役干杂活的人；苦役
example sentence not found
 The first menstrual period, usually occurring during puberty.     月经初期第一次月经期，通常发生于青春期
 His problem is mental, not physical.     他的问题是心理的而不是身体的。
 It threw light on the mentality of his former friend.     它使他对他故友的思想有了一些了解。
 Not physically or mentally healthy.     不健康的体格或精神上不健康的
 He made no mention of having met her.     他不提他曾经和她见面。
example sentence not found
 Please show me the menu.     请把菜单给我。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I am amazed to see a beggar step into a shiny Mercedes.     看到一个乞丐跨进一辆闪亮的奔驰轿车我惊愕不已。
 Those mercenaries were hired to fight.     那些雇佣兵被雇佣来打仗。
 Among all the merchandise, I was interested in the cotton piece in particular.     在所有商品中, 我对棉布特别感兴趣。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The merchant decided to use camels to carry his goods across the desert.     商人决定用骆驼载运货物穿过沙漠。
 The merciful king saved the young officers from death.     仁慈的国王把两个年青的军官从死神手中救了出来。
example sentence not found
 The killer was merciless.     凶手残酷无情。
 A mercurial nature.     反复无常的性格
 He has no mercury in him.     他没有精神。
 They were lost at the sea, at the mercy of the wind and weather.     他们在海上迷了路，任凭风和天气的摆布。
example sentence not found
 Don't scold him; he is a mere child.     别责备他，他只不过是个孩子。
 She is merely a child.     她只不过是个孩子。
example sentence not found
 Where does this stream merge into the Rhine?     这条小河在什么地方与莱茵河合流？
 She was pressurized into agreeing to a merger.     她被迫同意将公司合并.
 The angular distance north or south of the earth's equator, measured in degrees along a meridian, as on a map or globe.     纬度地球赤道北或南的角距离，例如在地图或地球仪上沿着子午线用度数测量
 Should promotion be through merit or seniority?     晋升应该凭成绩还是靠年资？
example sentence not found
 There is a merry smile on her face.     她脸上露出愉快的微笑。
 Our future plans have to mesh with the present practices.     我们未来的计划必须与当前的实际相结合。
 Who messed up my papers?     谁把我的文件搞得乱七八糟？
 There is an important message for you from your brother.     你哥哥有个重要的消息要告诉你。
 The god of commerce, invention, cunning, and theft, who also served as messenger, scribe, and herald for the other gods.     赫尔墨斯商业、发明、灵巧之神，盗贼的保护神，也是众神的信使、书吏及报信者
 The antagonistic association between an organism and the metabolic substances produced by another.     对抗作用一个生物和另一种生物新陈代谢物之间的对抗性关系
 The complex of physical and chemical processes occurring within a living cell or organism that are necessary for the maintenance of life. In metabolism some substances are broken down to yield energy for vital processes while other substances, necessary for life, are synthesized.     新陈代谢维持生命所必需的，发生于存活细胞中或生物体中的物理和化学过程的总和。在此过程中，一些物质被分解从而为生命过程提供能量，而另一些维持生命所必需的物质则被合成
example sentence not found
 They cut holes on the sheet of metal with a punch press.     他们用冲床在金属板上打孔。
 I heard metallic sounds when I was studying.     在我学习的时候我听到了金属撞击的声音。
example sentence not found
 In poetry the rose is often a metaphor for love.     玫瑰在诗中通常作为爱的象征。
example sentence not found
 The meteor, rushing through the air, becomes intensely heated by friction and is usually completely vaporized.     流星快速掠过空气时，由于磨擦而变得非常热，通常被完全气化了。
 A tiny particle of meteoric dust, especially one of many that fall to the surface of the earth or moon.     微陨星微小的陨星颗粒，特指大量坠向地球或月球表面的微陨星
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The measured, rhythmical sound of verse; meter.     韵律诗的节奏，韵律；音步
 The teaching method marked a now epoch in education.     这种教学方法标志着教育的新时代。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The metre is a measure of length.     米是长度单位.
 Most countries adopt metric system.     大多数国家采用米制。
 Metropolitan new york cover200 square mile.     纽约大都市覆盖面积达200平方英里。
 Filming a Western on location in the Mexican desert.     在墨西哥沙漠外景地拍摄一部西部片
 A Pueblo people located north-northeast of Santa Fe, New Mexico.     陶斯人一支居住于美国新墨西哥州圣大菲城东北偏北的普埃布洛印地安人中的成员
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A procedure in which an instruction is broken down into the microcode operations necessary for its execution by a control unit.     一种处理过程，其间由控制器将一条指令分解成为它的执行所必须的微码操作。
 In appearance, a microcomputer has three simple and apparent parts: the main frame, the keyboard and the monitor.     从外表上看，微型计算机有简单而鲜明的三部分：主机、键盘和监视器。
 This small island contains the whole of nature in microcosm.     这个小岛包含著小而完整的自然界.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A card or sheet of microfilm capable of accommodating and preserving a considerable number of pages, as of printed text, in reduced form.     缩微平片一个缩微胶卷片，能够以缩微形式容纳并储存相当多数量的页数，如一印刷文本的
example sentence not found
 An organism, such as a mosquito or tick, that carries disease-causing microorganisms from one host to another.     传病媒介把致病微生物从一个宿主传到另一宿主的生物，如蚊子或虱蝇等
 He used a microphone so that everyone could hear him.     他使用扩音器，使人人能听见他的讲话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The biologist stained the specimen before looking at it through the microscope.     那位生物学家先把标本染色, 然後再通过显微镜进行观察.
 The doctor had a microscopic examination of traces of blood.     医生用显微镜作了血迹检查。
example sentence not found
 Provide information to help you set up and run microsoft exchange.     提供信息帮助你建立并运行MicrosoftExchange。
example sentence not found
 In microwave system the separate input from various sources must be brought together to give a composite input which is then transmitted and received by radio.     在微波系统中，来自各处的分散的输入必须被汇集在一起，以形成一个综合的输入，然后由无线电发送和接收。
example sentence not found
 The house is shaded from the midday heat by those tall trees.     高高的树木使这所房子避开了正午的炎热。
 He planted roses in the middle of the garden.     他在花园中间种上玫瑰。
 He acted as a middleman in discussions between the two companies.     他在两公司的谈判中作中间人.
 How am I feeling today? Oh, fair to middling.     我今天感觉如何？哦，马马虎虎。
example sentence not found
 At midnight you'll hear the clock strike twelve.     午夜时你会听到钟打12点。
 The girls had got on well together until the apple of discord in the person of a handsome young man arrived in their midst.     姑娘们一直相处很好，后来一个英俊的小伙子来到她们中间，引起了她们之间的不和。
 The promise of a reward might stiffen their resolve.     答应给他们奖励可以坚定他们的决心。
 There's no need to be/get so high and mighty with me!     用不著对我摆架子!
example sentence not found
 To all appearance, Mr. Li is going to migrate.     李先生显然是要移民了。
 There was a huge migration of people into Europe because of the war.     因为战争，大量的移民涌入欧洲。
 He has a mild nature.     他的性格温和。
 Cog liable to mildew damage effect ins acidly.     货物可能会发霉，请予以投保。
 She complained loudly to the shopkeeper, who answered her mildly.     她大声对店主抱怨，店主却温和地回答她。
 She's feeling miles better today.     她今天觉得好多了。
 Have you claimed your mileage?     你申请汽车里数津贴了吗?
 Miles turned white with fear.     迈尔斯吓得脸色苍白。
 Good evening. milestone corner.     晚安，MilestoneCorner（餐厅）。
 One that believes in or follows the ideas of Marx and Engels, especially a militant Communist.     马克思主义者马克思和恩格斯主义信仰者或追随者，尤指富于战斗精神的共产党员
 Military history is really outside my domain.     我对军队史实在一窍不通。
 Only the president or a state govern or could call out the military or state militia.     只有总统或州长才能紧急召集军队或州人民自卫队。
 The farmer whistled as he milked.     农夫一边挤奶一边吹口哨。
 All the cows died in the fire because they were barred in by the milkmaids.     由于被挤奶女工关了起来，奶牛在这次火灾中全被烧死了。
 She went off with the milkman.     她与送牛奶的人私奔了.
 There may be millions of worlds in the Milky Way Galaxy.     银河系中也许有几百万个世界。
 The logs are drifted downstream to the mill.     那些原木沿河顺水漂到工厂.
 He used a miller to mill the grain into flour.     他用碾磨机把谷物磨成面粉。
example sentence not found
 The edge must be machined to 0.02 millimeters.     这边缘必须切割到0.02毫米的精密度。
example sentence not found
 The record was a big hit and sold a million copies.     这张唱片非常成功，卖了一百万张。
 The library's latest acquisitions were donated by a millionaire.     图书馆最近增添的书籍是一位百万富翁捐献的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He mimicked his uncle's voice and gestures perfectly.     他把叔叔的声音和姿态模仿得惟妙惟肖。
 I won't mince words (with you): I think your plan is stupid.     我不（跟你）兜圈子, 我认为你的计画是胡闹.
 Mind your head!     小心别碰了头!
 She has become very food-minded since her holiday in France.     她自法国度假回来, 对食物就很讲究了.
 Be mindful to follow my advice.     你要注意照我的忠告去做。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The cruiser was mined, and sank in five minutes.     这艘巡洋舰触雷，五分钟后沉没了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The boarding-house keeper drew his pistol upon the miner who owed him, and said,Down with the dust!      寄宿公寓的管理员拔出手枪对欠他房租的矿工说，“把钱交出来！”
 This shop sells minerals.     这家商店卖矿泉水。
 Can I have a carafe of water, please? Mineral water, sir? No, ordinary tap water will do.     请给我拿瓶水来，好吗？是矿泉水吗，先生？不，普通自来水就行。
example sentence not found
 The pagoda built in the Ming Dynasty is still in good repair.     建于明代的那座塔现在还完好无损。
 He mingled in the crowd and lost in sight.     他混入人群，看不见了。
 He's so mingy with his money.     他对钱十分吝啬.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She is just like her mother in miniature.     她简直是她母亲的缩影。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I am told this minibus can go jar on very little petrol.     我听说这种小客车能靠很少汽油开很多路。
example sentence not found
 A computer larger than a minicomputer that can handle more users and large programs.     一种比小型计算机大，能容纳更多用户和处理较大程序的计算机。
 Singapore, the world the minimal and one of the most advanced nation, celebrated the nation independent of30 anniversaries in last week.     新加坡，这个世界上最小也是最发达的国家之一，上周庆祝国家独立三十周年。
example sentence not found
 He minimized the value of her contribution to his research so that he got all the praise.     他极力贬低她在那项研究中的贡献, 从而独获全部奖励.
 The class needs a minimum of 6 pupils to continue.     这个班最低限度要六个学生才可以继续办下去。
example sentence not found
 He went heels over head into buying mining stock.     他购买了矿业股票，做事真鲁莽。
 Can you send one of your minions to collect this file?     你能不能派个助手来取这份档案？
 Miniskirts are starting to come back.     超短裙又开始流行了。
 The Chancellor of the Exchequer is the minister in charge of finance in Britain.     英国财政大臣是负责财政的大臣。
example sentence not found
 She's on attachment to the Ministry of Defense.     她现在隶属于国防部。
 She wheedled him into buying her a mink coat.     她用甜言蜜语诱他买貂皮大衣给她。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I made minor alterations to the article.     我对这篇文章作了小规模的修改。
 There are 55 minorities in our country.     我国有55个少数民族。
 The minstrel has been to many places before he came here.     在来到这里之前，这个吟游诗人已经去过很多地方。
 Many people like to chew mint gum in the summer.     许多人喜欢在夏天嚼薄荷口香糖。
example sentence not found
 The music for or in the rhythm of the minuet.     米奴哀舞曲为米奴哀舞而写的舞曲或米奴哀舞节奏的舞蹈
 Seven minus three equals four.     七减三等于四。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The park is only five minutes from downtown.     这个花园离市中心只有五分钟的路程。
 Boil the vegetables for 20 minutes and then drain off the water.     把蔬菜煮上20分钟，然后把水沥掉。
example sentence not found
 This cathedral was regarded as a miracle in architectural history.     这座大教堂被认为是建筑史上的奇迹。
 The relics are credited with miraculous powers.     这些早期遗物被认为具有神奇的力量.
example sentence not found
 The heat reflected from the white sand formed a mirage.     热气经白色的沙面反射形成了蜃景.
 My car was mired.     我的车上溅满污泥。
 The clear water mirrored the blue sky.     清澈的水中映出蔚蓝的天空。
 The mirror is oval.     镜子是椭圆的。
 When I told them what had happened to me, they all chortled with mirth.     我把我的事告诉他们以後, 他们咯咯地笑起来了.
 The court returned a verdict of death by misadventure.     法院裁定意外致死或意外事故死亡。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He did misappropriate the public funds, but there were extenuating circumstances.     ＂他的确挪用了公款，但有可以减轻罪责的情况。＂
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sending an innocent man to prison is a clear miscarriage of justice.     把无辜的人投入监狱显然是审判不公.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The miscellaneous expenses of import are so much!     进口货物的杂费太多了！
example sentence not found
 A series of mischance happened.     一连串不幸的事发生了。
 I try to keep the boy out of mischief.     我尽量不让这个男孩胡闹。
 Mischievous, teasing, or annoying.     有害的、调皮的或打搅
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The company only dismisses its employees in cases of gross misconduct.     公司仅在雇员严重失职的情形下才予以解雇.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 `A generous miser' is a contradiction in terms.     ｀慷慨的吝啬鬼＇在用词上自相矛盾.
 There are still many people whose living conditions are miserable.     仍有许多人的生活条件是很艰苦的。
 Suffering from poverty; miserably poor.     贫困的穷困潦倒的；悲惨的
example sentence not found
 Virtue and vice are two different things: the former/that/the one leads to peace, the latter/this/the other to misery.     美德与邪恶是不同的，前者带来和平，后者导致痛苦。
 The joke misfired completely.     这个笑话讲得完全不成功.
 The argument misfits the case.     这论椐不适用于这一事件。
 One misfortune followed another.     不幸的事情一件接著一件.
example sentence not found
 I have many misgivings about taking the job.     我对是否接受那项工作顾虑重重。
 I have many misgivings about taking the job.     我对是否接受那项工作顾虑重重。
example sentence not found
 I was misguided into trusting him.     我得到错误印象而信任了他。
example sentence not found
 He hurt his knee during the football match, but this mishap didn't stop him from playing.     足球比赛时他伤了膝盖，可他并没有因此中途退出。
example sentence not found
 The rioter misinterpret the instructions of the police.     暴徒们错误地解释了警察的指示。
 I misjudged how wide the stream was and fell in.     我对小河的宽度估计错误, 结果掉进河里了.
example sentence not found
 I have mislaid my key to the door.     我不知道把门钥匙放到哪里了。
 We were misled by the guide.     向导给我们引错了路。
 Don't judge by appearances appearances can be misleading.     勿以外貌取人--外貌不可靠.
example sentence not found
 By sheer mismanagement you brought us to such a pass.     完全是你处理不当，才把事情弄得这样糟。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 If you think deafness is funny, you've got a very misplaced sense of humour.     假若认为耳聋有趣, 这种幽默感十分不当.
example sentence not found
 May I help you, miss?     要我帮忙吗，小姐？
example sentence not found
 Demonstrators attacked the police, using sticks and assorted missiles.     示威者用棍棒和各种投掷物攻击警察。
 The book had two pages missing.     那本书缺两页。
 The doctor works at the mission.     那医生在贫民教区工作。
 The scene the horror film where the cannibals dismembered the missionary left me with my hair standing on end.     在那部恐怖电影中，食人者肢解那传教士的镜头使我毛骨悚然。
 The region of the United States west of the Mississippi River.     西部地区美国密西西比河以西的地区
 The region of the United States west of the Mississippi River.     西部地区美国密西西比河以西的地区
example sentence not found
 Don't try to fool me. I'm from Missouri.     别想骗我，我不会相信你的话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 My missis hates me smoking indoors.     我老婆讨厌我在屋里抽烟.
 Our breath is misting up the car windows.     我们呼出的气渐渐给汽车的窗户上蒙上一层水蒸气。
 You've made several grammatical mistakes in the composition.     你的作文中犯了几处语法错误。
 You must have mistaken her for her sister.     你一定是把她误认为是她的姊妹了。
example sentence not found
 Don't mister me.     不要叫我先生。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The poet addressed many poems to his mistress, praising her beauty.     这位诗人为他心爱的女子写了许多诗，歌颂她的美丽。
 Everything you say seems to be pervaded with a mistrust of the human race.     你说的一切似乎都渗透了对人类的不信任。
example sentence not found
 We watched the mists ascending from the valley below.     我们看著薄雾从下面的山谷中升起.
 A misty rain; a misty night.     似雾的雨，雾朦朦的夜晚
 He wrote her a letter for fear she misunderstand him.     他给她写了封信，免得她误会。
 It's no more than a misunderstanding.     这只是个误会。
 The manufacturers disclaim all responsibility for the damage caused by misuse.     因使用不当造成的损坏，生产厂家不负任何责任。
 Poor little mite!     可怜的小家伙！
 Her words mitigated my suffering.     她的话减轻了我的痛苦。
 I gave him a baseball mitt for his birthday.     为祝贺他的生日，我送给他一只棒球手套。
 The part of a glove or mitten that covers the palm of the hand.     （手套的）掌份覆盖手掌的物体或手套的一部分
 You can't mix oil with water.     你不能把油和水混合。
 She put the sugar into the coffee and mixed them up with a spoon.     她把糖放进咖啡里，用勺子把它们混合起来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ball is filled with gaseous mixture.     那个球被充满了气体混合物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He moaned about his misfortunes to anyone who would listen.     他向每一个愿意听的人抱怨他的不幸。
 The medieval town was fortified with a high wall and a deep moat.     这座中世纪的城市周围建有城墙和护城河。
 Pop stars are always moaning about being mobbed by their fans.     流行歌星总是抱怨他们受到歌迷的包围。
 A decorated exhibit or scene mounted on a mobile platform and pulled or driven in a parade.     游行花车在一个可移动的平台上布置好的游行时可拉动或推动的展览或场景
example sentence not found
 In modern warfare, mobility and sophisticated weapons are more important than weight of numbers.     在现代战争中，机动性和先进武器比人多势众更为重要。
 The troops received orders to mobilize.     部队接到动员令.
example sentence not found
 We should not mock at other people's religious beliefs.     我们不应该嘲笑别人的宗教信仰。
 He continued with his plan to build a flying machine, in spite of the mockery of his friends.     他不顾朋友们的反对，继续他建造飞行器的计划。
example sentence not found
 The spacecraft was in its recovery mode.     这艘飞船处于返回状态。
 That beautiful girl is a fashion model.     那位漂亮的女孩是一位时装模特儿。
 He is out of step with modem life/ideas.     他与现代生活思想格格不入。
 The wind was strong all day, but it moderated after sunset.     风猛烈地刮了一整天后，日落后变小了。
 After subtracting food and energy costs, which can vary widely each month, the Producer Price Index for Finished Goods still rose at a moderately fast clip of four-tenths of1 percent, compared with a two-tenth rises in April.     减去食物与能源的费用以后――这两项每月可能大幅变动――成品制造价格指数仍以略快的速度攀升百分零点四，相形之下，四月份仅上升零点二。
 He showed great moderation in not responding angrily to the attacks on his character.     他忍受对自己人品的攻击而不发火，表现出巨大的自我控制能力。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What do you think of modern art?     你对现代艺术有何看法？
 The fifth letter of the modern English alphabet.     E字母现代英语字母表中第五个字母
example sentence not found
 The modernization of the industry was phased over a 20-year period.     工业现代化分20年逐步实现.
 Pay-cable channels are still free from regulation, and the rules could prod cable companies to modernize so that nearly all programs are sold a la carte, giving consumers more choice.     有线电视仍未受管制，新规定将促使有线电视公司采用新办法，尽量个别提供所有节目，予消费者较多选择。
 I bought the house at a modest price.     我以适中的价格买下了这所房子。
example sentence not found
 Modesty is not his long suit.     谦虚可不是他的长处.
example sentence not found
 Automatic modification of the index register.     自动修改变址寄存器内容。
 Easily altered or modified to fit conditions; adaptable.     能适应的容易改动或修改来适应情况的；能适应的
example sentence not found
 The policy was agreed by the committee, but only in a modified form.     那项政策经修改后才获得委员会同意。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Music students learn how to add other parts to add other parts to a given tune, and how to modulate to a related key.     音乐学生学习给一个现有的调子配上其他音部，还要学习怎样转成和声调。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The definition of a global symbol that is not explicitly available for reference by modules linked with the module in which the definition occurs.     一种全局符号定义，它不能被与定义该全局符号的模块相链接的其它模块直接引用。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The clothes are still moist. Dry them in the sun.     这些衣服还是湿的，把他们在太阳下晾干。
 Her eyes moistened slightly.     她的眼睛湿润了。
 The plants drink in moisture from the atmosphere.     植物从大气中吸取水分。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A flat, brittle cookie spiced with ginger and sweetened with molasses.     姜饼一种薄而脆的饼干，用姜汁调味并加糖蜜使之甜
 The making of such a mold or cast, as with plaster of Paris.     制印模用石膏对这种模型或模子的制作，如用巴黎的石膏
example sentence not found
 The sharp edge or ridge formed by two surfaces meeting at an angle, as in a molding.     尖脊两个平面以某种角度相接所形成的尖突的边或脊形，如铸模中的
 They've given us a pretty moldy pay increase this year.     我们今年的加薪少的可怜。
 She has a tiny mole on her cheek.     她面颊上有一颗小痣。
 Having an open-chain molecular structure rather than a ring-shaped structure.     无环的具有开链分子结构的，而非环状结构的
 Two atoms of hydrogen combine with one atom of oxygen to form a molecule of water.     两个氢原子和一个氧原子结合而成一个水分子。
example sentence not found
 Cares do still their thoughts molest, and still the unhappy poet's breast.     烦忧仍然困扰诗人的思绪，诗人郁闷的胸膛。
example sentence not found
 The pearly internal layer of certain mollusk shells, used to make decorative objects.     珠母层某些软体动物壳内似珍珠的层，用来做装饰物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The rock formed by the cooling and solidifying of molten rock.     熔岩融化的岩石冷却凝固后形成的岩石
 Mom, Dad's birthday is coming up. I don't know what to give him. Do you have any ideas for a gift?     妈妈，爸爸的生日快到了。我不知道送给他点什么好。你有什么建议？
example sentence not found
 My job is not a very glamorous one but it does have its moments.     我的工作虽不算十分吸引人，但也自有其乐趣所在。
 The dark room was momentarily lit up by a vivid flash of lightning.     那黑洞洞的房间顿时被强烈的闪电照亮了。
 Giving a momentary or superficial impression of brilliance.     闪烁的，炫耀的给人以短暂或表面印象的光彩或才华的
example sentence not found
 The struggle for independence is gaining momentum every day.     为独立而斗争的势头日益增长。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The monarch as head of state.     国王作为国家元首的君主
example sentence not found
 The monarchy is seen by some as an anachronism in present-day society.     君主政体在当今社会中被一些人视为是过时的制度.
 The only regular visitors to the monastery in winter are parties of skiers who go there at Christmas and Easter.     冬季到修道院来的常客只是几批滑雪者，他们通常在圣旦节和复活节去那里。
example sentence not found
 Next Monday will be my 21st birthday.     下星期一是我二十一岁的生日。
example sentence not found
 A former monetary unit of East Germany worth100 pfennigs.     东德马克德意志民主共和国使用的货币单位，等于100芬尼
 I'm not made of money, you know!     你知道我又不是财神爷！
example sentence not found
 Enclosed please find a money order.     兹附上一张汇票，请查收。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Mongol ruler who succeeded his father, Genghis Khan.     窝阔台蒙古统治者，他继承了父亲成吉思汗的王位
 For all I know she may have emigrated to Outer Mongolia.     我不太清楚，她也许移民去了外蒙古。
 Looking over my notes.I can find only a few Han names, the rest are all Mongolian.     翻翻我的笔记本，我只看到几个汉族名字，其他都是蒙族。
example sentence not found
 This instrument monitors the patient's heartbeats.     这台仪器监听病人的心跳。
 The hood or hooded robe worn especially by a monk.     头巾，长袍尤指僧侣穿戴的头巾或带头巾的长袍
 The little boy is as mischievous as a monkey.     这个小男孩像猴子一样调皮。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Stationery monogrammed with her initials.     印有她姓名首字母的信笺
example sentence not found
 A monolithic sculpture.     独块巨石雕塑
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The telecommunication service is a government monopoly.     电信为政府专营。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The explorer live on a monotonous diet of bean and rice.     探险者靠吃豆子和米饭这些单调的食物为生。
 The radio relieves the monotony of everyday life.     收音机缓解了我们日常生活的单调状况。
example sentence not found
 As the coke burns, some of it combine with the oxygen in the air to form carbon monoxide.     焦碳燃烧时，一部分碳与热风中的氧形成一氧化碳。
 Monsieur Cartier; Monsieur Jacques Cartier.     卡蒂埃先生；雅克卡蒂埃先生
example sentence not found
 Heavy rains occur during a summer monsoon.     暴雨出现在一个夏季季风期
 This machine is a real monster.     这台机器真是个庞然大物。
 The modern city consists of monstrous edifices and of dark narrow streets full of petrol fumes, coal dust, and toxic gases.     现代城市是由大得怕人的大厦和充斥着难闻的汽油味，煤灰和有毒气体和又阴暗又狭窄的街道所组成。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We're paying out 300 a month on our mortgage.     我们每 月要付300英镑抵押贷款.
 The meeting will be held monthly.     这种会议每月召开一次。
 A town of southern Quebec, Canada, a suburb of Montreal. Population, 37,346.     安茹加拿大魁北克南部的一个城镇，蒙特利尔的郊区，人口37，346
example sentence not found
 Time and weather had long ago effaced the inscription on the monument.     岁月和风雨早已磨掉纪念碑上的铭文。
 The structure surrounding such an opening, such as the monumental or fortified entrance to a palace or walled city.     城门一种构造，围绕着上述的出口或入口，比如一个山区或一设防的出口通向一宫殿或一有城墙的城市
example sentence not found
 She's in a good mood (ie happy) today.     她今天心情很好.
example sentence not found
 He is moody and unpredictable.     他喜怒无常而又捉摸不定。
 The moon goes round the earth.     月亮绕着地球转。
 He robes himself in moonlight.     他沐浴在月光下。
 The bright moonlight showed the Taj Mahal in all its glory.     泰吉・玛哈尔陵在明亮的月光下显得光彩夺目。
 A dry-as-dust-a matter-of-fact man who talk astronomy on a moonlit night.     令人烦厌的学究――好比在明月当空之际大谈天文的枯燥鬼。
 The search party spread out over the moor.     搜索队在荒草地分散行动.
 The mature female of other large animals, such as whales, elephants, or moose.     大型雌性动物其他的大型动物（如鲸鱼、大象或麋鹿等）的母兽
 It's a moot point whether men or women are better drivers.     男女司机孰优孰劣尚有争论.
 She mops her tears with a towel.     她用毛巾擦眼泪。
 Stop moping!     别那麽垂头丧气的!
 Stop moping!     别那麽垂头丧气的!
example sentence not found
 A baby isn't born with a moral sense.     孩子并不是生来就有是非感的。
 They sang songs to keep their morale up.     他们唱　歌以保持高昂的士气.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They are discussing the morality of abortion.     他们正在讨论堕胎的道德性。
 Morally she leaves much to be desired.     从道德上讲她缺点不少。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Don't be so morbid!     别尽往坏处想！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter.     夏天路上的车子比冬天多。
 I don't like skating, moreover, the ice is too thin.     我不喜欢滑冰，而且冰又太薄。
 Pupils with 90% or more are awarded Grade A.     满90分的学生评为甲等.
 Mr Morgan married an English woman and took up his residence in London.     摩根先生娶了一位英国女人并在伦敦定居下来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The following morning, I should again greet the dawn, anxious to discover new delights.     接下来这一天的早上，我再次迎接黎明，迫切地要发现新的愉快。
 I'll ring her up in the morning.     我明天上午给她打电话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He's an absolute moron!     他纯粹是个傻子!
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Take therefore no thought for the morrow. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.     所以，不要为明天忧虑；因为明天自有明天的忧虑；一天的难处一天当就够了。
example sentence not found
 Between the cup and the lip a morsel may slip.     [谚]吃到嘴里才算是你的。
 Such stories set us thinking, wondering what we should do under similar circumstances, what events, what experiences, what associations should we crowd into those last hours as mortal beings?     这样的故事让我们思考，在相似的情况下，我们该怎么办，作为终有一死的人，在那最终的几个小时内安排什么事件，什么经历，什么交往？
 Infant mortality (ie The rate at which babies die) was 20 deaths per thousand live births in 1986.     1986年的婴儿死亡率为生育成活率的千分之二十.
 A gigantic Celtic god and ruler of Britain. After he was mortally wounded in battle, his head was buried in London, where it served as a protection against invaders.     布兰似巨人般的凯尔特人的上帝和不列颠统治者。在战斗中因伤致死后，他的头被埋葬在伦敦，以作为一种反对侵略者的保护力量
 Put your money into bricks and mortar.     用你的钱去买房子吧。
 Paying my mortgage was an enormous weight off my mind!     我还了抵押借款, 如释重负!
example sentence not found
 To his mortification, he was criticized by the manager.     他被经理批评，感到很难堪。
 The knowledge of future evils mortified the present felicities.     对未来苦难的了解压抑了目前的喜悦。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The sky this morning was a mosaic of blue and white.     今天早上的天空是幅蓝白相间的画面。
 He lives in Moscow.     他生活在莫斯科。
 Moses led the children of Israel out of the Egypt.     摩西率领以色列的子民离开了埃及。
 A porter or bearer in certain Moslem countries.     搬运工在某些穆斯林国家的搬运工
 The devout were all hurrying to the mosque.     信徒们都赶往清真寺。
 Mosquitoes like to suck the blood of people and animals.     蚊子喜好吸人和动物的血。
 The protective cap or hood covering the spore case of a moss or related plant.     藓帽盖在苔藓或相关植物芽孢体上的保护帽或盖子
example sentence not found
 Most students passed the examination.     大多数学生通过了考试。
example sentence not found
 The men at the party were mostly fairly young.     参加聚会的男子大都非常年轻。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The motel business went to pot when the new highway was built.     这条新公路建成后，汽车旅馆的生意冷落了下来。
example sentence not found
 The moth quivered its wings.     蛾子抖动著翅膀.
 It happened that my mother was out that day.     我母亲恰巧那天出去了。
example sentence not found
 His mother tongue is Spanish.     他的母语是西班牙语。
example sentence not found
 The state of being a mother; motherhood.     母亲身份；母道作为母亲的状态；母道
 My mother put me down for dollars150, 000 in her will.     我妈妈在她的遗嘱中指名给我150000美元。
example sentence not found
 Her motherland is in the tropical region.     她的祖国位于热带地区。
 A rectangular column with a capital and base, set into a wall as an ornamental motif.     壁柱，半露柱有柱顶和底座的长方形柱子，作为装饰图案置入墙内
example sentence not found
 The motion was put to the assemblage.     这项提议已提交大会了。
 A subtitle in a motion picture.     字幕电影里的对话译文
 She stood there (being) motionless.     她站在那儿，一动也不动。
example sentence not found
 Motivated by a spiritual force or genius; inspired.     产生灵感的被神圣的力量或神灵激励的；受鼓舞的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The police have excluded robbery as a motive for the murder.     警方已排除该谋杀案中有抢劫的动机.
 They were a motley crew.     这帮人成份混杂。
 They spent a week motoring through Italy.     他们花了一星期，驾车周游意大利。
 No, thank you. I'm not going to risk my neck on the back of your motorbike.     不，谢谢你了，我不去冒险坐在你的摩托车后座上。
 Aside from motorcars, the factory turns out bicycles.     除了汽车之外, 这家工厂还生产自行车。
 The motorcycle race is not worth seeing     这次摩托车比赛不值一看。
 Motorcyclists with leather gauntlets are waiting for the start of the game.     戴着皮护手套的摩托车手们正在等待比赛开始。
 They spent a pleasant afternoon motoring through the countryside.     他们一下午都在郊野开著汽车, 十分愉快.
 The dropped plate flew into pieces. The motorist flew into a rage.     掉在地上的盘子摔成了碎片；驾车的人大发雷霆
example sentence not found
 This road is a continuation of the motorway.     这条公路是高速公路的延伸。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I often win money at cards but never save a penny `easy come, easy go' is my motto.     我玩纸牌经常赢, 可一分钱也存不住--我的俗话是｀来得容易, 去得快＇.
 The car body is moulded in the factory.     汽车车身是在这家工厂里模压成型的。
example sentence not found
 Bread tends to mould in damp weather.     气候潮湿时，面包容易长霉。
 Let's get rid of this mouldy old furniture.     咱们把这件老掉牙的旧家具扔掉吧。
example sentence not found
 He lay in his bunk under a mound of blankets.     他躺在铺上，身上盖了一大堆毯子。
 He mounted the horse and rode off.     他骑上马走了。
 The mountain is 3500 meters high.     这座山有3500米高。
 A spur of a mountain range or hills.     山的支脉一列山或丘的横岭
 Many mountaineers have reached that mountain peak.     许多登山家都登上过那座大山的顶峰。
 Mountaineering was introduced here in1955.     登山运动是1955年在这里开始开展的。
 Our country is very mountainous.     我国是一个多山的国家。
 The flow of melted snow cascaded down the mountainside and into the river.     溶化的雪水如瀑布般沿着山崖边泻入河里。
example sentence not found
 The mounting economic crisis is already eating into every part in the structure of that country.     日益增剧的经济危机正侵袭着那个国家机构的各个部门。
 People wore crapes to mourn our leader.     人们戴着黑纱哀悼我们的领导。
 The mourners were dressed in black.     哀悼者穿黑服.
 He took a mournful view on human affairs.     他对人世持悲观的态度。
 The governor decreed a day of mourning.     地方长官发布哀悼一日的命令.
 The cat is playing with a live mouse.     猫在戏弄那只活老鼠。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 When he was twenty years old, he began to have a moustache.     当他二十岁的时候，他长了胡子。
 These people live from hand to mouth on berries and roots.     这些人靠浆果和根茎勉强度日。
 He took a mouthful of sweet country air.     他吸一口清香的乡村空气。
 A woodwind instrument having a straight, cylindrical tube with a flaring bell and a single-reed mouthpiece, played by means of finger holes and keys.     单簧管，黑管一种管乐器，有直的圆筒形管身和一个外敞的管口及一个单簧吹口，以指孔和键的方式演奏
 A cosmetic or medicinal liquid, such as a mouthwash.     洗药，液体化妆品化妆用的或药用的液体，如漱口剂
 I bought a toy soldier with movable arms and legs for my son.     我给我儿子买了一个胳膊腿可移动的玩具兵。
 Public opinion was moving strongly in favor of disarmament.     公众舆论正在强烈支持裁军。
example sentence not found
 The resistance movement started a campaign of terror against the colonial rulers.     抵抗运动开展了一场反对殖民统治者的恐怖活动。
 He is the prime mover in the whole matter.     他是整个事件的发起者。
 The movie was over shortly before six.     电影在六点钟不到就结束了。
 Mary Pickford was a famous star of the silent movies.     玛丽・碧克馥是无声电影的明星。
 At last I succeeded in getting my car moving slowly.     最后，我终于成功地让我的车子慢慢移动。
example sentence not found
 Early sow, early mow.     【谚】早种早收。
 The gardener asked me for a rotatory lawn mower.     园丁向我要一台旋转式割草机。
 Mozart is dead but his music lives on.     莫扎特人已作古，但他的音乐作品却万世流传。
 The speed limit on this road is 70 mph.     这条路的车速限制是每小时70英里.
 Mr. Green had to appear before the committee to explain his behavior .     格林先生必须在委员会上出面解释他的行为。
example sentence not found
 Ms X has been named for the directorship/ named as the new director.     某女士已被提名任董事职务[任命为新董事].
 The people's commune laid down another20 mu in( to, with, under) grass.     这个人民公社在另外二十亩土地上种上了牧草。
 The patient is much the same this morning.     今晨病人情况几无变化。
 Success lies not so much as in luck as in hard work.     与其说成功在于运气不如说是辛勤努力。
 There was muck everywhere.     到处都是淤泥。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Oil is mucous.     油是粘的。
 Be there any blood or mucus in your stool?     你的大便里有血或粘液吗？
 The boy churned the earth into mud.     这男孩把泥土拌成泥浆。
example sentence not found
 You must be muddling me up with my twin brother.     你一定是把我看成我的孪生兄弟了.
 Labourers plodded home through the muddy fields.     工人们穿过泥泞的田地走回家去。
 I had a chance to impress her with my efficiency and I muffed it up.     我本来有机会使她了解我的办事效率，但是我错过了这个机会。
 A type of muffin.     一种小松糕
 He walked out into the snow, heavily muffled up in a thick scarf and warm overcoat.     他雪天出门，裹着厚厚的围巾，穿着暖和的大衣。
 The baby is well muffled up.     婴儿给裹得好好的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This mug has a chip in it.     这个缸子上有个缺口.
example sentence not found
 She fought up against the mugger and seized back her handbag.     她勇敢地同行凶抢劫的歹徒搏斗，夺回了手袋。
 He's mugging up history for the exam.     他正在死记历史以应付考试。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A mule is a hybrid of a donkey and a horse.     骡子是公驴和母马交配而生的杂种。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In the multimedia environment, we have graphics and text at the same time, we can also add the photograph, animation, good-quality sound, and full motion video.     在多媒体环境中，我们可以同时拥有图形和文本，也可以增加图片、动画、高质量的音响和全动录像。
example sentence not found
 A multiple crash can often be seen on that motorway.     那条公路上的联环撞车事故很多。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Our teacher used to drum our multiplication tables into us.     我们老师过去老是让我们反覆背诵乘法表.
example sentence not found
 The number by which another number is multiplied. In 8*2, the multiplier is 8.     乘数与被乘数相乘的数。在乘式8*2中，乘数是8
 Four multiplied by seven is twenty-eight.     7乘4等于28。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A multitude of people gathered at the gate of the exhibition hall.     大群人聚集在展览大厅的门口。
 If your Mum finds out what you've done, you'll really be in the soup!     要是你妈妈发觉你干的事, 你就要倒霉了!
 She mumbled that she didn't want to get up yet.     她咕哝着说还不想起床。
 Get the flu; got the mumps.     患了流感；得了腮腺炎
example sentence not found
 She works in a municipal library.     她在一所市立的图书馆工作。
 There have been several murders this year.     今年发生了好几起谋杀案。
 The police have caught the murderer.     警察已经抓获杀人凶手。
 The murmur swelled into a roar.     窃窃私语的声音变大形成一片喧哗。
 The contraction of muscle is a reaction of the body.     肌肉的收缩是人体的一种反应。
 Impaired muscular coordination in walking.     步行不能行走时肌肉的协调功能遭破坏
example sentence not found
 She lay musing for a while.     她躺着沉思了一会儿。
 The museum displays the specimen of ancient Chinese porcelain.     这个博物馆展出中国古瓷器标本。
 I gathered many mushrooms after rain.     雨后我采了很多蘑菇。
 Mildew and mushrooms are fungi.     霉和蘑菇都是真菌。
 Now that I am free, I can enjoy music for a while.     既然有空，我可以享受一下音乐。
 A musical bell softly sounded somewhere in the passageway.     走廊的某处响起轻柔悦耳的铃声。
 The musician made the legend into a beautiful ballad.     这位音乐家把传说编成了一首美丽的民谣。
 Something must be done about it.     必须得想个办法。
 This meat should be seasoned with salt and mustard.     这肉里应该加些盐和芥末。
 He mustered all his courage to take part in the game.     他鼓起全部的勇气参加比赛。
example sentence not found
 The mutations in plants caused by radiation have been found in experiments.     放射线引起植物变异已在实验中被证实。
 He's a deaf mute and cannot tell anyone secret.     他是个聋哑人，不会把他们的秘密告诉任何人。
 She kept on muttering to herself.     她老是一个人嘀嘀咕咕。
 A leg of mutton, lamb, or veal for cooking.     羊腿做烹调用的羊肉、小羊或小牛的一只腿
 My friend and I have mutual enthusiasm for music.     我和我的朋友对音乐有着共同的爱好。
 Please accept my apology.     请接受我的道歉。
 The myriad fish in the ocean.     海洋中数不胜数的鱼
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They were waiting with assurance for me to discover the truth for myself.     他们自信地等待我自己发现事实真相。
 They spend their time philosophizingabout the mysteries of life.     他们用很多时间探讨生命的奥秘.
 There are many mysterious stories about the Egyptian pyramids.     关于埃及金字塔有许多神秘的故事。
example sentence not found
 The place continues to fascinate visitors, cloaked in its mystery.     这个地方笼罩在神秘气氛下，继续使游览者着迷。
 They hold a mystic religious ceremony.     他们举行了一个神秘的宗教仪式。
example sentence not found
 I'm completely mystified about what happened in the hotel the other day.     我对这家酒店在那天所发生的事压根儿迷惑不解。
 The rich uncle of whom he boasts is only a myth.     他吹嘘的那个有钱的叔叔只是个乌有翁。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The book is about the mythologies of primitive races.     这本书是原始民族神话集。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The thief was nabbed by the police.     小偷被警察抓住了。
example sentence not found
 Don't nag me!     别在我面前唠叨！
example sentence not found
 He is busy. Stop nagging at him.     他还有事，别纠缠他。
 My husband doesn't allow me to paint my nails.     我丈夫不允许我染指甲。
 She was gnawing her nails nervously.     她正在神经质地咬指甲。
example sentence not found
 He derides her naive attitude.     他嘲弄她天真的态度。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Bacteria are too small to see with the naked eye.     细菌太小，肉眼看不见。
 Bacteria are too small to see with the naked eye.     细菌太小，肉眼看不见。
 He is an artist of great name.     他是个大名鼎鼎的艺术家。
 Ms X has been named for the directorship/ named as the new director.     某女士已被提名任董事职务[任命为新董事].
example sentence not found
 He had received information from a nameless source in the government.     他从政府中一未透露姓名者那里得到了消息.
 That is to say; namely.     也就是说；就是
 The telephone directory gives people's names, addresses, and telephone numbers.     电话号码簿提供人名、地址和电话号码。
example sentence not found
 An error in naming a person or place.     叫错名称在叫某人名字或某一地名时犯的错误
 Be there a direct train for Beijing to Nanning?     从北京到南宁有直达车吗？
 Nancy tried to get her report over however difficult it might be.     这份报告再怎么难, 南希还是试着去完成。
 Pearl had to choose between giving up her job or hiring a nanny.     珀尔不得不在放弃工作和雇保姆之间作出选择。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The nap is worn.     细毛磨损了。
 He is a lazy devil and keeps his talent in a napkin, with his ability and a little energy he could set the Thames on fire.     他是一个懒鬼，把天资埋没了。只要发挥出他的才干，再加上一点干劲，他可以干出一番惊天动地的大事来。
 See Naples and die.     看过那不勒斯死也瞑目。
 Napoleon was a great general.     拿破仑是一位伟大的将领。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Stupor induced by a narcotic.     麻醉性昏睡麻醉药引起的昏迷状态
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The writer had great skill in narrative.     这位作家极擅长叙述。
example sentence not found
 They planed to narrow the gap between imports and exports.     他们计划缩小进出口的差额。
 An arrow went past his car, narrowly missing his head.     一支箭从他耳边掠过，差一点射中头部。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He talked to me with a nasal voice.     他带着鼻音和我说话。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What a nasty man!     这个恶人!
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The nation was kept in subjection.     这个民族已经沦为附庸。
 Our newspaper is a national newspaper.     我们的报纸是全国性的报纸。
example sentence not found
 Privatize the national parks? They'd never dare, would they?     把国家公园私营化? 他们绝对不敢, 对吗?
 Nationalism is a silly cock crowing on its own dunghill.     民族主义，是在自己的小天地里自鸣得意的笨雄鸡。
 The nationalists have put themselves out of court as desirable rulers of their communities.     那些民族主义者做出的令人不齿之事证明他们不够资格做他们的社区的统治者。
 There are two main nationalities in our village.     我们村子有两大民族。
 Our government will not nationalize or requisition investment any property of investor.     我国政府不会把投资者的资金和财产收归国有或征用。
example sentence not found
 A speech that was broadcast nationwide; nationwide opposition to the tax hike.     全国性的播出的演说；全国性的反对税收增多
 This house was built of native stones.     这间屋子是用当地的石头建的。
example sentence not found
 Our Embassy was devastated by three bombs of NATO.     我们的使馆被北约的三枚炸弹炸毁了。
example sentence not found
 It's quite natural that you should succeed.     你的成功是很自然的事情。
 Any of several highly volatile, flammable liquid mixtures of hydrocarbons distilled from petroleum, coal tar, and natural gas and used as fuel, as solvents, and in making various chemicals.     石脑油一种高度挥发性的易燃液态碳氢化合物混合物，从石油、煤焦油和天然气中提炼出来，并用作石油、溶剂和制造各种化合物中
 In violation of a natural law.     不自然的违反一条自然规律的
 Immeasurable quantity of natural resource was lost forever through misuse.     无法估量的自然资源因被滥用而永远丧失了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The naturalist told us many stories about birds.     博物学家给我们讲述了许多有关鸟儿的故事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Plants grow naturally in such a good climate.     在这麽好的气候条件下, 植物可以自然生长.
example sentence not found
 Nature is at its best in spring.     春天里万物欣欣向荣。
 His crime has gained him naught.     他既犯了罪又一无所获.
 The naughty boy played a neat trick.     这个淘气的小男孩玩了一个巧妙的花招。
 A feeling of unease or mild nausea caused especially by fearful anticipation.     因害怕而发抖特别是由于可怕的预感而引起的不适感觉或轻度的恶心呕吐
example sentence not found
 I feel a bit nauseous.     我感到有点恶心。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In naval parlance, the left side of a ship is the port side.     ＂用海军的用语来说，船的左边称为左舷。＂
 If I made big money, you would nave a cut of the cake.     我要是赚了大钱的话，少不了有你的一份。
 Having a central mark or depression resembling a navel.     脐状的有象肚脐一样的中间的印记或凹陷
 With its engine broken, this great ship was not navigable.     这条大船的马达坏了，无法再航行了。
 I'll drive the car if you hold the map and navigate.     如果你拿着地图指路，我就来开车。
 The compass is an instrument of navigation.     罗盘是航行仪器。
example sentence not found
 They were a group of early navigators.     他们是一群早期的航海家。
 The army, navy and airforce are all controlled by the Ministry of Defense.     陆海空军皆由国防部控制。
 I'm sure you'll not say me nay.     我相信你不会拒绝我的。
example sentence not found
 Additional territory deemed necessary to a nation, especially Nazi Germany, for its continued existence or economic well-being.     生存空间被认为对一民族，尤指纳粹德国的继续生存或经济富足所必需的额外领土
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The job is at last nearing completion.     这项工作终於快要完成了。
 We/Our ears are becoming attuned to the noise of the new factory nearby.     我们[我们的耳朵]逐渐适应了附近新工厂的噪声.
 We go to play badminton in the nearest gym every Sunday.     每个星期天我们都去最近的体育馆打羽毛球。
 The matter concerns him nearly.     这事与他有密切关系。
example sentence not found
 The naughty boy played a neat trick.     这个淘气的小男孩玩了一个巧妙的花招。
 Rule out neatly any words which you do not wish the examiner to read.     整洁地划上直线删除你不希望主考人批阅的任何话。
 My sister has been preaching at me again about my lack of neatness.     我姐姐再次教训我，说我不知道整洁。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Our income allows only the necessaries of life.     我们的收入只能购买最起码的生活必需品。
 The constitution of a primitive society is not necessarily simple.     原始社会的结构并不一定就是简单的。
 The necessary outcome of a war is a fall in production.     战争带来的必然结果就是生产力下降。
 It's an unpopular measure, but the situation necessitates it.     这是不得人心的办法，但形势需要这样做。
example sentence not found
 Necessity is the mother of invention.     需要是发明之母。
 The two of them were necking on a park bench.     他们俩在公园的长凳上拥抱亲吻。
 The two contestants are neck and neck with 20 points each.     比赛双方各得20分, 打成平局.
 She wears a pearl necklace today.     今天她戴了一条珍珠项链。
 A wide road; a wide necktie.     宽阔的道路；宽大的领带
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You needn't talk so loud.     你说话的声音用不着那么大。
 The baby's crying; I'd better go and do the needful.     孩子哭了，我最好还是去看看要做些什麽。
 She tried to needle me into losing my temper.     她想方设法惹我发脾气。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The road looks beautiful covered by golden pine needles.     这条路上铺满了金黄色的松针，看上去美极了。
 Needless to say, learning without thinking is useless.     不用说，学而不思则罔。
 New and often needlessly novel.     新但无价值的新的但常是不必要的新奇的
 This schoolgirl likes to do some needlework.     这个女学生喜欢做针线活。
example sentence not found
 A juggler needs great dexterity.     玩杂耍的人必须手指非常灵巧。
 There are many needy families in our village.     我们村子有很多贫困家庭。
example sentence not found
 How can you negate God?     你怎麽能否定上帝的存在?
 Shaking the head is a sign of negation.     摇头表示否认.
 Relating to or designating a quantity, number, angle, or direction opposite to another designated as negative.     正向的关于或表明与另一个表示为负的相反的数量、数字、角度或方向的
example sentence not found
 You've been neglecting your work.     你对工作不够重视。
 Lacking benefits given to others; neglected.     冷落的没有好处以给别人的；被忽视的
example sentence not found
 His negligence was nothing less than criminal.     他的粗心大意无异於犯罪.
 I was negligent, I admit it.     我太疏忽大意，这一点我承认。
 The damage to my car is negligible.     我的汽车的损坏是极轻微的。
 He says his claim is not negotiable.     他说他的要求是不容讨价还价的。
 We've decided to negotiate with the employers about our wage claim.     我们决定就工资问题与雇主谈判。
 The contract is still under negotiation.     这项合同仍在商谈之中。
 A tough negotiator who had a number of cards up his sleeve.     一个拥有很多锦囊妙计的难以对付的谈判者
 The Negro prisoner was forced to wear a ball and chain attached to one of his ankles.     那个黑人囚犯被迫在一只脚上带上了系有铁球的脚链。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She resigned her children to the care of a neighbor.     她委托邻居照顾她的孩子。
 The whole neighborhood praises him.     四周邻居都称赞他。
 The country agreed to confederate with the neighboring country for mutual safety.     这个国家同意为了共同的安全而与邻国结盟。
 My neighbour is always putting on airs.     我的邻居总是装腔作势。
 Neil was convicted of fraud and is serving time in Wormwood Scrubs.     尼尔被判有欺诈罪，现在温华华德・斯克监狱服刑。
 Neither chair is comfortable.     两把椅子坐起来都不舒服。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I don't think these neologisms worth passing on to beginners.     我认为这些新词不值得教给初学者。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A native or inhabitant of Nepal.     尼泊尔人尼泊尔国人或居民
 To my surprise, I found my nephew dressed in a girl's skirt.     令我惊奇的是, 我侄子穿着女孩的裙子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The satellite of Neptune that is third in distance from the planet.     海王卫二海王星的卫星，离该行星的距离处于第三位
example sentence not found
 His wife has a fit of nerves again this morning.     今天早晨他的妻子又发了一通神经。
 A group of specialized nerve cells or a localized mass of gray matter in the brain or spinal cord.     神经核一组专门的神经细胞或存在于大脑或脊髓中灰物质的局部块
 The sheath of connective tissue enclosing a bundle of nerve fibers.     经来膜包裹住神经纤维的膜状结缔组织
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The railways carriages containing terrorists and hostages were two hundred yards away across an open field. Both sides prepared for a long drawn-out battle of nerves.     这列载着恐怖分子和人质的火车，停在一个空旷地带对面200码外的地方。双方准备进行长时间的心理战。
 The quality or state of being nervous.     神经质神经紧张的性质或状态
 Don't carry on living this pace: You'll wind up with a nervous breakdown     别继续以这种节奏节生活：你会得神经衰弱症的。
 It is reported that this disease attacks the central nervous system.     据报道说这种疾病破坏中枢神经系统。
 The surgeon was operating on my wife. I had to wait it out nervously sitting outside.     医生正在给我妻子动手术，我不得不焦急地坐在外面等结果。
 An outward show of confidence concealed his nervousness.     他表现出很有信心的样子以掩盖内心的紧张.
example sentence not found
 The swallows nested under the eaves.     燕子在屋檐下筑巢。
 The swallows nested under the eaves.     燕子在屋檐下筑巢。
 The egg nestled in the long grass.     蛋隐藏在高草中.
 I nestled down on the big sofa and began to read novels.     我舒适地靠在大沙发上，开始看小说。
 The net weight of this jar of coffee is 180 grams.     这瓶咖啡净重180克。
example sentence not found
 The capture of Brill must rank as a turning-point not only in Netherlands history but in world history: an event of the order of the fall of the Bastille, or the execution of Charles I.     擒获布里尔不仅在荷兰历史上而且在世界历史上都应视为一个转折点―一个和攻克巴斯底狱或绞死查理士一世一样的重大事件。
example sentence not found
 It was clear that my remarks nettled her.     显然，我的言语激怒了她。
 The company has a network of shops all over the country.     这家公司有着遍布全国的商店网。
 Do you know the three USA television networks?     你知道美国的三大电视网吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Neurotic about punctuality.     过敏性的神经官能症的
 That country remained neutral in the war.     那个国家在那场战争中保持中立。
 The ship was prized for violating neutrality.     那艘船因违犯中立而被捕获。
 A protein substance produced in the blood or tissues in response to a specific antigen, such as a bacterium or a toxin. Antibodies destroy or weaken bacteria and neutralize organic poisons, thus forming the basis of immunity.     抗体，免疫体血液或组织针对某种抗原如细菌或毒素而产生的蛋白质物质。抗体消灭细菌或削弱其作用，中和有机毒素，因而形成免疫力
 An isotope of hydrogen with one proton and one neutron in the nucleus having an atomic weight of2.014.     氘氢的一种同位素，在其原子核内有一个质子和一个中子，其原子重量为2。014
 We never flinch from difficulties.     在困难面前我们决不退缩。
 The experiment failed. It was, nevertheless, worth making.     试验没有成功，尽管如此，还是值得做的。
 They sell new and used furniture.     他们出售新旧家具。
 The newborn is lovely.     那个婴儿很可爱。
 I don't like the newcomer.     我不喜欢那个新来的人。
 A region of southwest Yugoslavia bordering on the Adriatic Sea. An ancient Balkan state, it long resisted the Turks and from1910 to1918 was an independent kingdom. Montenegro then joined the newly formed Kingdom of the Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes, which became Yugoslavia after1929.     黑山南斯拉夫西南部一地区，位于亚得里亚海沿岸。古代巴尔干国，它长期抵抗土耳其，并于1910至1918年间成为独立王国。后来加入了由塞尔维亚、克罗地亚和斯洛文尼亚新组成的王国，这一王国在1929年后成为南斯拉夫
 I heard it on the 7 o'clock news.     我在七点钟的新闻报道中听到了这则消息。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We have subscribed to an evening newspaper.     我们已经订阅了一份晚报。
 If I miss this train I'll catch the next one.     如果我错过了这班火车，就赶乘下一班。
 The mice have nibbled a hole in the cheese.     老鼠在奶酪上啃出了一个洞。
 It's nice meeting you.     很高兴认识你。
 The beef is roasting nicely on the spit.     这块牛肉在烤肉叉上烤得很好。
 The manner in which she received him was calculated to a nicety to seem cool without being uncivil.     她接待他时始终准确地把握好分寸，看似冷淡，却不失礼。
 Claude was probably a humbug, whose vanity, ambition, and intelligence led him to carve out a niche as the wickedest man in the world; there is always room for a sadist at the top.     克劳德或许不过是个骗子，他的虚荣、野心和才智使他在世上恶人中争得魁首之名：有残忍癖，总能爬上顶端。
 Rick found a sure-enough nickel.     里克发现一个纯正的镍币。
 They nicknamed him Lofty because he was so tall.     他们给他起了个绰号叫“高个儿”， 因为他身材很高。
example sentence not found
 You should take care of your niece for the sake of your sister.     看在姐妹的份上, 你应该照顾你的侄女。
 Nigeria is my home, but I'm living in London just now.     尼日利亚是我的家乡，但现在我住在伦敦。
example sentence not found
 Don't expect that niggard to invite you to dinner.     别指望那个吝啬鬼会请你吃饭。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I don't see why they should niggle over paying a few pounds into the fund. They're rich enough.     我不理解他们为什么对给这笔资金支付几个英镑的小事大动脑筋，他够富的了。
 A pointless dispute over niggling details.     在琐碎小事上的一次无礼争吵
 The nigh horse.     左边的那匹马
 You've been having too many late nights recently.     你近来晚睡的次数太多了.
 Lack of vitamin A affect the body's growth and resistance to disease and can cause night blindness.     体内缺乏维生素Ａ，会影响身体发育，降低对疾病的抵抗力，并可导致夜盲症。
 A restaurant or nightclub providing short programs of live entertainment.     卡巴莱酒馆提供临时表演和短小节目的餐馆或夜总会
 Let's push on it's nearly nightfall.     咱们继续往前走吧--天快黑了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Has appeared in two plays; appears on the nightly news.     在两部戏中出场；在晚间新闻节目中露面
 The nightmare gave her the creeps.     那场恶梦使她不寒而栗。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The effect was nil.     效果为零，效果全无。
 The nile flood the field and deposit mud on them.     尼罗河泛滥，在田野上淤积一层泥。
 Characterized by quickness, lightness, and ease of movement; nimble.     敏捷的，灵活的具有迅速、轻巧和易动特点的；灵活的
 What time is it? It is nine o'clock.     现在是几点钟？现在是九点钟。
example sentence not found
 He was born in the nineties of the nineteen century.     他生于十九世纪九十年代。
 No antenna, no radio, we're back in the nineteenth century!     没有天线，没有无线电，我们回到十九世纪了。
example sentence not found
 He must be going on for ninety.     他准有九十岁了.
 The body of law established by the Danish invaders and settlers in northeast England in the ninth and tenth centuries.     丹麦法在9世纪和10世纪时，由丹麦入侵者和殖民者在英国东北部施行的法律体系
 The dog nipped the postman on the leg.     那只狗咬了邮递员的腿。
 The dog was nipping at her ankles.     那狗咬著她的脚腕子了.
example sentence not found
 An exuberant, nippy puppy.     一只精力旺盛，受咬人的小狗
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A cellulose nitrate used as a component of smokeless powder.     火纤维素硝酸纤维素，用于无烟的炸药的组成物质
 The lamp is full of gaseous nitrogen.     灯里充满了气体氮。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Nixon told us thatthe time is past for the United States to compete with one hand tied behind one's back.     尼克松告诉我们“美国可毫不费力地与人竞争的时代已一去不复返了。”
 He has no money.     他没有钱。
example sentence not found
 The nobility usually resist social changes.     贵族通常反对社会变革。
 The castle or house of a medieval monarch or noble.     宅邸中世纪王公、贵族的城堡或房宇
 He wants to be famous---he is tired of being nobody.     他想出名，无名小卒他当腻了。
 He nodded in agreement with me.     他点头表示同意我的意见。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There must be something wrong with the engine; it's making funny noises.     引擎一定是出了故障，发出一种奇怪的杂音。
 The little boy is a noisy feeder.     这个小男孩吃东西时发出响声。
example sentence not found
 She charged only a nominal fee for her work.     她为所做的工作只收取象征性的费用。
 She had been nominated as candidate for the presidency.     她已被提名为总统候选人。
 Who will get the nomination for president?     谁将获得总统提名？
example sentence not found
 My car is none the worse for the accident.     我的汽车遇到事故，但毫无损坏。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It was sheer nonsense to trust them.     相信他们纯粹是胡闹。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He went to the piano and noodle around until the tune came back to him.     他走到钢琴边随意弹奏起来，一直到他想起那曲子。
 We reckon to arrive in Delhi at noon.     我们估计正午抵达德里.
 Nor am I aware that anyone else knows the secret.     我也不知道别人谁还能知道这个秘密。
 Criminal behaviour seem to be the norm in this neighbourhood.     犯罪行为似乎是这一带的正常现象。
 The collapse of the strike enabled the company to resume normal bus services.     罢工的失败使公司恢复了正常的公共汽车营业。
example sentence not found
 Our relationship has been normalized.     我们的关系正常了.
 I normally get off (work) at 5.30.     我通常是5点30分下班.
 The capital and largest city of North Korea, in the southwest-central part of the country. It was an important cultural center and became capital of North Korea in1948. Population, 1,283,000.     平壤朝鲜的首都和最大城市，位于该国的中部偏西南，它是一个重要的文化中心并于1948年成为朝鲜的首都。人口1，283，000
 His house is in the northeast of this city.     他的家在这个城市的东北部。
 The Confederacy was defeated by the northern states.     南部邦联被北方打败了。
example sentence not found
 The escapee ran quickly northward and cut back to the original place.     逃犯迅速向北跑去，然后又突然回到原地。
 The tourists drove northwest.     游客们开车向西北而去。
 Do you know Norwegian?     你懂挪威语吗？
 The horse won by a nose.     那匹马以微弱优势险胜。
 The sight inspired him with nostalgia.     这景象激起了他的怀旧之情。
example sentence not found
 They will not agree.     他们不会同意。
 Not at all.     别客气
 The difference contrast is notable.     差别对比是显著的。
 British writer known for his essays and children's books, notably The Wind in the Willows(1908).     格雷厄姆，肯尼思1859－1932英国作家，以其散文和儿童文学著名，著名的有杨柳风（1908年）
 A written declaration made under oath before a notary public or other authorized officer.     宣誓书在公证人或其他裁判官员面前经宣誓而立下的书面声明
 The authors wish you to read it with a pencil in your hand, for you will often be asked to make certain notations, to write answers to particular questions.     作者们希望你在读这本书的时候手里要拿上一支铅笔，因为我们要求你经常做点笔记，或是将一些具体问题的答案写下来。
 With this performance, she has notched up her third championship title.     她因这一成绩而获得第三个冠军称号。
 Please note my words.     请注意我的话。
 She extracted a small notebook from her handbag.     她从手提包里取出了一个小笔记本。
 Your suggestion has been duly noted.     你的建议已受到注意。
 The speaker had a sheaf of notes on the desk in front of him.     演讲者在他面前的桌子上放着一叠笔记。
 A noteworthy advance in cancer research.     在癌症研究方面引人注意的进步
 It has nothing to do with you.     这与你无关。
 Did you notice anything peculiar?     你注意到有什么异常的事吗？
 The scar on her forehead is hardly noticeable.     她额头上的伤疤不太明显。
example sentence not found
 She notified us of the meeting.     她通知我们开会。
 We had a notion that he was telling a lie.     我们当时的看法是他在说谎。
 The notorious thief will be put up for trial next week.     那个臭名昭著的偷窃犯将于下周出庭受审。
 Notwithstanding her naughtiness, I love my little girl.     尽管我的小姑娘很淘气，我还是很爱她。
 The Greeks did nought, but play the fools and lie.     希腊人一事无成，仅仅在愚弄和欺骗。
 The function of an adjective is to describe or add to the meaning of a noun.     形容词的作用是描述或增加名词的意思。
 She have nourish the dream of becoming a movie star.     她曾怀有成为电影明星的梦想。
 A source of nourishment, especially a nourishing ingredient in a food.     营养品，滋养物营养的来源，尤指食物中的营养成分
 I like reading novels in my spare time.     我喜欢闲暇时读小说。
example sentence not found
 The novelist had issued many saga novels.     那个小说家已经发表了很多长篇小说。
 The author seems to strain after novelty.     作者似乎在力图标新立异。
 He conked out in November with pleurisy.     他患肋膜炎于十一月份死去。
 A novice or learner, particularly in newspaper reporting.     生手，新手新手或初学者，尤指报纸报导中的新手
 He is writing a letter now.     他现在正在写信。
 Phonograph is no longer used nowadays.     留声机现在已不再使用了。
 The book was nowhere to be found.     这本书无处可寻。
 Chemicals that produce a noxious vapor when mixed.     化学物质混合后会放出有毒气体
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Russian-born American nuclear physicist known for his work on radioactivity and genetic information as well as his books popularizing theories of physics.     伽莫夫，乔治1904－1968俄国裔的美国核物理学家，因在射线遗传信息方面的研究和有关普及物理理论的书籍而闻名于世
 The nutritive tissue that is derived from the nucleus and surrounds the embryo of the seed.     外胚乳包在种子胚芽外，产生于细胞核的营养性组织
 The noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors.     那声音大得让邻居讨厌。
 The process of inserting meaningless characters, such as null characters, zeros, or spaces, into the unused portions of a field, record, or fixed- length block of data.     一种插入一些无意义字符的处理方法。例如，在一个字段、记录或固定长度数据块的不用部分插入空字符、零或空格。
 The state of being nullified.     取消被取消的状态
 His leg was numbed by the intense pain.     他的腿因剧痛而麻木。
 The number of your finger is ten.     你双手手指的总数是10。
 The number of your finger is ten.     你双手手指的总数是10。
 The numerals he provided us are wrong.     他提供给我们的数字是错的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A low-speed input device that converts graphic and pictorial data into binary, numeric inputs for a digital computer.     一种低速输入设备，它将图形和图象数据转换成用于数字计算机的二进制数值输入。
 Put these invoice in numerical order.     把这些发票按其号码顺序放好。
 The Oxford has received numerous endowments.     牛津获得了许多捐款。
 Any woman in the world, even a nun, would rather lose her virtue than her reputation.     世间的女性，甚至尼姑，都情愿失掉贞操也不愿失掉声誉。
 She spends her spare time nursing her old mother.     她的业余时间都花在照顾她年老的母亲上。
 She's all for more nursery schools being built.     她坚持主张多建托儿所.
 The child got his nurture from his loving parents.     这个孩子的教育来自他慈爱的双亲。
 Cashew nuts and walnuts are both nuts.     腰果和核桃都是坚果。
 Maybe these nutrients are helpful to your health.     或许这些营养品对你的健康有帮助。
 Our bodies need adequate nutrition.     我们的身体需要充足的营养。
 Is this garment made of pure wool, or of wool mixed with nylon?     这件衣服是纯羊毛的，还是羊毛与尼龙混纺的 ？
 There are many acorns on the oak tree.     这棵橡树上有很多橡子。
 The blade of an oar or paddle.     桨面桨或橹的叶片
 Her bedroom is an oasis of calm in the noisy house.     她的卧室是这座嘈杂房屋中一个难得的安静之处。
 The judge reminded the witness that she was under oath.     法官提醒那个证人她已经宣过誓了。
 The sergeant expects obedience from his men/that his men will obey him/his men to obey him.     中士要士兵服从他的命令.
 My brother is an obedient boy.     我弟弟是一个听话的男孩。
 The branch of medicine that deals with the causes, prevention, and treatment of obesity.     肥胖症学研究肥胖的原因、预防和治疗的医学的分支
 We should obey the law.     我们应当遵守法律。
 Various objects were on the table.     桌子上摆着各种各样的物体。
 The chief objection to this book is its great length.     这本书的主要缺点是过于冗长。
 We have succeeded in our main objectives.     我们已经成功地达到了主要目标。
 Damaging the goods puts you under an obligation to buy them.     你损坏了这些商品，你就得都买下来。
 It is obligatory upon us to protect the world from nuclear war.     保护世界免於核子战争是我们的义务。
 I felt obliged to leave after such an unpleasant quarrel.     发生了这样不愉快的争吵之后，我觉得有必要离开。
example sentence not found
 You are not obliged to answer these questions, but it would make our task easier.     这些问题并非非答不可, 但答问对我们大有助益.
example sentence not found
 The tendency to grow at an oblique or horizontal angle. Used of roots, stems, or branches.     斜向性向倾斜或与水平成角度的方向生长的倾向。用于植物的根、茎或枝
 The view was obliterated by the fog.     景色被浓雾遮住了。
 The speaker ground on, oblivious of his listeners' boredom.     演说者唠唠叨叨, 没注意到听众的厌烦情绪.
example sentence not found
 He is the most obnoxious man I know.     他是我认识的最可憎的人。
 There are much obscene languages in this book.     这本书中有很多淫秽的语言。
 The poem is obscure to those unlearned in the classics.     这首诗在不懂古典诗作的人看来是费解的。
 An act of religious observance or prayer, especially when private.     祈祷宗教仪式的活动或祷告的行为，尤指秘密的进行的
 He was taken into hospital for observation.     他被送进医院观察。
example sentence not found
 The police have been observing his movements.     警方一直监视着他的一举一动。
 The driver is a poor observer of speed restrictions.     这个司机是个不遵守速度限制的人。
example sentence not found
 Caused or conditioned by compulsion or obsession.     强迫的由强迫或压制所引起或制约的
 An obsessive impulse to steal regardless of economic need, usually arising from an unconscious symbolic value associated with the stolen item.     偷窃狂一种不考虑经济需要的持续的要去偷窃的神经冲动，通常由与被偷窃的物品相关的无意识的象征性价值引起
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The army plans to phase out the equipment as it becomes obsolete.     军队计划淘汰这些设备，因为它们已经报废了。
 Verification (eg Checking that weapons have been removed) could be an obstacle to an arms agreement.     裁减军备协议难以达成, 症结在於如何证实（如检查武器确已销毁）.
example sentence not found
 The obstetrician delivered the child.     产科医生替这个孩子接生。
 A physician who specializes in obstetrics.     产科医生一个专攻产科医学的医生
 His obstinacy was irritating.     他那顽固的劲真气人。
 Only a man full of the milk of human kindness could have continued to befriend the proud and obstinate young man.     只有天性善良的人才会和这个性情高傲脾气倔强的年轻人继续交往。
 He was charged obstructing the highway.     他因阻碍公路交通而受控告。
 He was found guilty of obstruction.     他被判阻挡犯规。
 These conditions no longer obtain.     这些条件已不复存在了。
 The flowers are no longer obtainable.     那花再也得不到了。
 The merits of the scheme are quite obvious.     该计画的可取之处是相当明显的.
 He was obviously drunk.     他显然是醉了。
 There was no occasion to be so rude.     没有理由这样粗鲁。
 He is only an occasional workman.     他只是个临时雇工。
 Now and then; occasionally.     不时地，时常地；偶尔地
example sentence not found
 A native or inhabitant of an Occidental country; a westerner.     西方人在西方国家居住的当地人或居住者
example sentence not found
 Riding is her favorite occupation.     骑马是她最喜欢的消遣。
 The enemy occupied the town.     敌人占据了这个城镇。
 That plane crash occurred only minutes after take-off.     空难在起飞几分钟后就发生了。
 It is more a made-up story than a real occurrence.     那是杜撰的故事，而不是真实发生的事情。
 It's almost impossible to find him in the immense ocean.     在无边无际的海洋中要找到他几乎是不可能的。
 A division of Oceania in the western Pacific Ocean comprising the islands east of the Philippines and north of the equator. It includes the Caroline, Marshall, Mariana, and Gilbert islands.     密克罗尼西亚西太平洋上菲律宾群岛以东，赤道以北的岛群，是大洋洲的一部分，包括加罗林群岛，马绍尔群岛，马里亚纳群岛和吉尔伯特群岛
example sentence not found
 Hello. I'd like to reserve a table for two for eight o' clock, please.     你好，我要订一张今晚八点两个人的餐桌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The hot weather extended into October.     炎热天气一直持续到十月。
 It's very odd that she didn't reply to our letter.     她没有回我们的信是件很奇怪的事。
 He's moved most of his stuff; there are just a few odds and ends left.     他把大部分东西都搬走了，只留下一些零星杂物。
example sentence not found
 What he had done put him in better odor.     他的所作所为使他的名声得到改善。
 My room is filled with the odour of roses.     我的房间里充满了玫瑰花的香味。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I have heard of him.     我听说过他。
 We went to the station to see her off.     我们去车站为她送行。
 They were arrested for drug offences.     他们因吸毒罪而被逮捕。
 He was offended that we didn't agree with him.     我们不同意他的观点，他生气了。
 Your rudeness had offended many people.     你的粗鲁已激怒了很多人。
 He is always an offender on any occasions.     不管什么场合，他总是得罪人。
 A pecuniary offense.     需处以罚金的犯罪行为
 You will find it difficult to explain away your use of such offensive language.     你使用这样无礼的语言是很难说得过去的.
 There is little work on offer.     几乎没有什么工作可找。
example sentence not found
 I was about to raise my offer for the farm when a neighbour cut the ground from under my feet by offering a sum that I couldn't possibly match.     我正准备出价买下那个农场，一个邻居出了一个我承受不起的价位，从而坏了我的事。
 There is a rose bush in front of the office.     办公室前有一丛玫瑰。
 The immigration officer stamped my passport.     移民官员在我的护照上盖了戳。
 She received several official letters this morning.     她今天早晨收到了几封公函。
 The new procedures have been officially christened, so to speak.     新措施可以说已经正式实施了.
 He raised his prices to offset the increased cost of materials.     他提高售价以补偿材料增加的成本。
 A small boat used to peddle provisions to ships anchored offshore.     小卖艇向在岸边抛锚的船只兜售货物的小船
 The atom bomb is the offspring of the 20th century physics.     原子弹是20世纪物理学的产物。
 American girls are often very pretty.     美国女孩多很漂亮。
 Oh, how nice!     哦，太好了!
example sentence not found
 You should oil the sewing machine to stop the squeaking.     你应该给缝纫机上点油，以免发出轧轧声。
 OK, thanks.     还不错，谢谢。
 He made an okay decision.     他做出同意的决定。
 How old are you?     你多大了？
 She was sitting in the shade of a big olive tree.     她正坐在一棵大橄榄树的树荫下。
 The United States was the host country for the Olympics in 1984.     美国是1984年奥运会的东道国。
 It's an omen of victory.     那是胜利的预兆。
 That evening has an ominous silence.     那晚有着不祥的寂静。
 The mark X denotes an omission.     增补号（X）表示有脱漏.
 Don't omit locking the door.     别忘了锁门。
 The war was on then.     那时正在打仗。
 Once you begin, you must continue.     一旦开始，就必须继续。
 The fishermen were forewarned of the oncoming of the storm.     渔民预先得到了暴风雨来临的警告。
 A person has one head and one neck.     每人都有一个头，一个脖子。
 Interest in one's environment or in others as opposed to or to the exclusion of oneself.     外倾对环境或其它的如与自身相反的或自身以外的事物的兴趣
example sentence not found
 Onion does not agree with me.     洋葱不适合我的胃口。
 For netmeeting instructions refer to microsoft's documentation or online help.     关于NetMeeting指南，可参考Microsoft文档或在线帮助。
 He fell into the water, much to the entertainment of the onlookers.     他跌进水中，旁观者大乐。
 The book is likely to be useful, only it's rather expensive.     这本书可能有用，只是相当贵。
 The attainment or onset of puberty.     到达青春期或青春期开始
 I reached the gate that opened onto the lake.     我走到临湖而开的那扇门前。
 On life's earnest battle they only prevail, who daily march onward and never say fail.     生活在顽强战斗中，只有每天不屈不挠奋勇向前的人才能取得胜利。
 The shop is open from this day onwards.     该店从今天起开始营业。
example sentence not found
 This is an opaque cup.     这是一个不透明的杯子。
 He has an open mind in this matter.     他在这个问题上虚怀若谷。
 Miss Knox is a real eye opener.     诺克斯小姐的确是位令人瞩目的美女。
 His opening remarks are applauded by the audience.     他的开场白受到听众的鼓掌欢迎。
 When he couldn't get what he wanted openly and honestly, he resorted to low cunning.     他用光明正大的方法得不到的东西, 就采取卑鄙的欺诈手段.
 The opera was quite stupendous.     这部歌剧很精彩。
example sentence not found
 The new law operates to destroy our advantages.     这项新法律损害我们的利益。
 The patient was sent to the operating room.     这个病人被送进了手术室。
 When does the new law come into operation?     这项新法律何时生效？
 In computer security, the independent review and examination of system records and activities in order to test for adequacy of system controls, to ensure compliance with established policy and operational procedures, and to recommend any indicated changes in controls, policy or procedures.     在计算机安全中，为测试计算机控制的正确性，为确保按照既定政策和操作步骤执行，为提供在控制政策和步骤中的任何指定的变化而对系统的记录和活动进行的独立的审核和检查。
 The oil rig is now fully operative.     石油钻塔现全面开工.
 Operator, I've just been cut off.'     ｀话务员, 线路断了.＇
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What's your opinion of the motion?     你认为这项提议怎样？
example sentence not found
 Opium smoking has been done away with in your country. How did you manage it?     你们国家己经没有抽鸦片的了。这一点你们怎么办到的？
 She is one of the strongest opponents of tax reform.     她是税收改革最强烈的反对者之一。
 He arrived at the most opportune moment.     他在最适当的时候到达。
 One who conforms to the prevailing ways and opinions of one's time or condition for personal advantage; an opportunist.     随波逐流的人为了个人好处而认同自己所处时期或状况中流行的方式或观念的人；机会主义者
 We should seize the opportunity to counterattack.     现在，我们应乘机反攻。
example sentence not found
 Don't oppose your will against mine.     不要把你的意志同我的对立起来。
 The populace at large are opposed to sudden change.     人民群众普遍反对突然实行的变革。
 A stretch of water in a river, an estuary, or a tidal channel made rough by waves meeting an opposing current.     巨澜在河流、港湾或潮汐海峡中，由波浪和它对立的水流相撞而成的一条绵延水域
 Have you seen the house opposite the railway station?     你看到火车站对面的房子了吗？
 The opposition dismissed the report as a whitewash.     反对党认为这份报告过于修饰而不予理会。
 Cares oppressed his spirits.     虑使他心情抑郁。
 They did not crouch under the oppression.     他们受压迫而不屈服。
 The heat in the tropics is oppressive.     热带气候热得难受。
 They showed violent opposition to the oppressor.     他们对压迫者表现出强烈的不满。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Most people opt for buying their own homes rather than renting them.     大多数人愿意买房子而不愿意租房子.
example sentence not found
 The optical system of the eye stimulate cell of the retina.     眼睛的视觉系统刺激视网膜内的细胞。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The optic theory originated with Einstein.     光学理论是爱因斯坦首创的。
example sentence not found
 They professed optimism about the outcome.     他们对结果表示乐观.
 An incurable optimist; an incurable smoker.     坚定不移的乐观主义者；不可救药的烟民
 We are still optimistic, whatever the result (may be).     我们仍然乐观，不论结果如何。
 An equation or inequality relating the variables in an optimization problem.     在优化问题中，一种表示若干变量相互关系的方程（式）或不等式。
example sentence not found
 The market offer optimum condition for sale.     市场为销售提供了最佳条件。
 The former option favours the married man.     前一种选择对已婚男子有利.
 A4-speed automatic transmission is optional.     四段自动变速器是可自由选择的。
example sentence not found
 Hurry up or else you'll be late.     快，否则你就要来不及了。
 The old man told us a story passed on by oral tradition.     老人给我们讲述了一个口头流传的故事。
 The burning coals started to flame yellow and orange.     燃烧著的煤开始发出了黄色与橙色的火焰.
 How many spacecrafts are orbiting the moon?     有多少航天器绕月球轨道飞行？
 She ran hither and thither in the orchard.     她在果园里到处跑。
 Our artistic director was instrumental in persuading the orchestra to come.     我们的艺术指导帮助请来管弦乐队。
 She maintained her equanimity throughout her long ordeal.     她在长期的苦难中心情一直都很平静.
 The boss ordered that the work should be done on time.     老板吩咐工作必须按时完成。
 A specified arrangement used in ordering. An order need not be linear.     一种在排序中使用的特定排列。排列的次序不必是线性的。
 An orderly arrangement of data, especially one in which the data are arranged in columns and rows in an essentially rectangular form.     表数据中的一种有序排列，尤指其中的数据按基本上构成一个矩形的竖行和横行进行排列的一张表格
 The ordinal number matching the number14 in a series.     第十四一序数词，一系列数中的第十四个
 Ordinarily home by six.     通常一个家里有六口人
 She is likeable enough, but very ordinary.     她还算可爱，但是并不标致。
 After chemical assay, we have known the composition of the ore.     经过化学分析，我们知道了矿石的构成。
 Parliament is an organ of government.     议会是政府的一个机构。
 The music is organic to the story.     这首乐曲是这个故事必不可少的组成部分。
 The army is an extremely complex organism.     军队是极其复杂的组织。
 They have established a student organization.     他们建立了一个学生组织。
example sentence not found
 Don't mourn for me. Organize!  These were his last words.     不要为我悲痛，组织起来！这就是他最后的遗言。
 Ian is a dab hand at the orient art.     伊恩是东方艺术的行家。
 China is an oriental country with a long history.     中国是一个有着悠久历史的东方国家。
 Try to orientate your students towards the science subjects.     把学生的兴趣尽力引导到理科方面.
 The orientation of a spacecraft relative to its direction of motion.     飞行姿态宇宙飞船相对于其飞行方向所处的位置
 In the market, I breathed the smells of the Orient.     在集市上，我闻到了东方的气息。
 The illness is organic in origin.     该病起初是器质性疾患.
 The original picture is in the British Museum.     这幅画的原作在大英博物馆内。
 Her designs have great originality.     她的设计十分新颖。
 He originally need not buy such big house.     他本来不必买这样一所大房子。
 Who originated the concept of stereo sound?     立体声是谁发明的？
 I ornamented my room with flowers.     我用鲜花装饰房间。
 Ornamental copper pans hung on the wall.     墙上挂着装饰性的铜盘。
 My cousin is an orphan; her parents died when she was young.     我的表姐是孤儿，她的父母在她小时候就去世了。
 Roman Catholics were the next largest group with46, 000, 000 members, There were5, 600, 000 Jews and700, 000 Eastern Orthodox Christians.     罗马天主教是第二个最大的团体，有四千六百万教徒。犹太教徒有五百六十万，东正教徒有七十万。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Manic depressives oscillate between depression and elation.     躁狂抑郁症患者抑郁与躁狂交替发作.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Learned French by osmosis while residing in Paris for15 years.     居住在巴黎的十五年中已经潜移默化地学习了法语
 An ostensible or professed purpose; an excuse.     借口，托词表面的目的；理由
example sentence not found
 The other students in my class are from Italy.     我班其余同学都是意大利人。
 She is not very clever, but otherwise she's a nice girl.     她并不聪明，但在其他方面，她倒是个好姑娘。
 He ought to/should be here in time he started early enough.     他该[应]按时到这里--他出发得够早的.
 How many calories can an ounce of sugar supply?     一盎司糖可以供给多少卡热量？
 This could change our life.     这可能会改变我们的生活。
 Their opinion jarred with ours.     他们的意见与我们不一致。
 We built ourselves a new surgery.     我们给自己建了一间新的外科手术室。
 Fox was ousted from office but he had nothing to say for himself.     福克斯被赶下台，但是他没有什么可特别为自己辨护的。
 The fire has gone out.     火已熄灭。
example sentence not found
 The outbreak of riot caused many people to die.     暴乱的发生使很多人丧生。
 The outcast boy was brought up by the government.     这个被遗弃的孩子是由政府抚养大的。
 The necessary outcome of a war is a fall in production.     战争带来的必然结果就是生产力下降。
 The government hushed the affair up to avoid a public outcry.     当局对此事秘而不宣, 以免引起公众抗议.
 The quality is all right, but the style is a bit outdated.     质量无问题，只是式样有点过时。
 He has outdone all his rivals in skill.     他在技巧方面胜过所有的对手。
 I'm very keen on outdoor sports.     我非常喜欢室外运动。
 She's outdoors gardening every afternoon.     她每天下午都在户外搞园艺.
 The outer walls of the building were painted blue.     这座建筑的外墙被漆成了蓝色。
example sentence not found
 Such an outfit would be a useful addition to my wardrobe.     在我的服装中添置这一套会有用的.
 She's outgoing and a good mixer.     她是一个杰出的爱交际的人
 We had an outing to the seaside last summer.     我们去年夏天去海边旅行。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Bad man, the accidental, noble outlaw.     有坏人啦，出人意料的逃。
 Economy is one powerful motive for camping, since after the initial outlay upon equipment.     想省钱是露营的一个主要动机。因为在开初支付了装备的费用后。
 Children need an outlet for their energy.     儿童的精力需要发泄出来.
 The flower was clearly outlined in the light of the lamp.     花朵在阳光下清晰地显现出轮廓。
 Angular forms, outlines, or corners.     角形角形，角的轮廓或棱角
 Circumscribed and detached in outlook and experience; narrow or provincial.     思想狭隘的眼界和经验受限制和孤立的；狭窄得或见解偏狭得
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Men outnumber women here in the ratio of three to one.     此地男子数量以三比一超过女子。
example sentence not found
 We must increase our output to meet demand.     我们必须提高产量满足需求。
 The Government has been dilatory in condemning the outrage.     政府迟迟才谴责是次暴行.
 The price is outrageous.     价钱高得吓人。
 She was the outright winner.     毫无疑问她是优胜者。
 The teacher laid emphasis on the precision of the translation from the outset.     老师从一开始就强调翻译准确性。
 The house was painted green outside.     这房子外部漆成绿色。
 That horse is a complete outsider; I wouldn't waste your money on it.     那匹马绝无获胜可能, 我要是你可不把钱压在它身上.
 Fires swept through the outskirts, where the houses, being mostly of wood, were razed to the ground.     大火席卷郊区，那里的房屋多数都是木造的，被烧成了一片废墟。
example sentence not found
 The firm recognized Tom's outstanding work by giving him an extra bonus.     公司发给汤姆一笔额外奖金以表彰他工作出色.
 We soon outstripped the slower runners.     我们很快就超过那些跑得慢的人.
 No doubt you've received the outturn samples of the inferior quality goods.     你们一定收到了质量低劣产品的到货抽样。
 He was to all outward appearances dead.     他显然已经死了.
 Does the window open inwards or outwards?     这窗户是朝里开的还是朝外开的?
 This outweighs all other considerations.     这一点是首要考虑的。
 The mirror is oval.     镜子是椭圆的。
 After a while Lenin came out on the stage. The ovation was unlike anything I have ever seen. Lenin let it continue for a few minutes, standing absolutely still, then with a single motion of his arms across his body stopped the uproar instantaneously and you could have heard a pin drop.     不久列宁在台上出现了，那种热烈的欢呼是我从未见过的。列宁先静静地站了几分钟，让欢呼声继续着，然后用手在胸前横挥一下，喝彩声马上终止，于是连一根针落地的声音你都可以听得到。
 The bread is baking in the oven.     烤箱里正在烤面包。
 You'd better think it over carefully.     你最好仔细考虑一下。
 The overall measurement of this room is 80 square meters.     这个屋子的面积是80平方米。
 There is a gloomy, overcast expression on his face.     他愁眉苦脸。
 That grocer never overcharges.     那杂货商从不多要价.
 She didn't put on an overcoat though it was very cold outside.     外头虽冷，她却没披件外套。
 We need a spirit of enterprise if we are to overcome our difficulties.     如果我们要克服困难，我们就要有进取精神。
 You must stop overdoing it you'll make yourself ill.     不要过劳了--你要生病的.
 The bank manager said that, in order to bring me down to earth and control my spending, I would have no overdraft facility and my cheque card would be withdrawn.     银行经理说，为了使我从幻想中清醒过来并控制我的开支，将不给我有透支的便利，并还将收回我的支票卡。
example sentence not found
 Legislative reform is long overdue.     立法方面的改革早该进行。
 I overestimated the amount of milk we'd need for the weekend.     我过高估计了我们周末的用奶量.
example sentence not found
 The crowd overflowed the auditorium.     人群挤得礼堂无法容纳。
 The fast cruiser soon overhauled the old cargo boat.     快速巡逻艇迅即赶上那艘旧货船.
 Seagulls were circling overhead.     海鸥在头顶山盘旋。
 I overheard them saying they were unhappy.     我偶然听到他们说，他们很不快乐。
example sentence not found
 He'll be overjoyed at your news.     他一定对你的消息大喜过望.
 A stitch made by inserting the needle at the midpoint of a preceding stitch so that the stitches overlap by half lengths.     回针缝在先前缝的一针中间加缝的一针，以便使针脚的交错重叠为原来长度的一半
 Overlapping or crossing, as the wings of some insects when at rest.     重叠的，交叉的某些昆虫休息时其翅膀重迭的或交叉的
 An open framework made of strips of metal, wood, or similar material overlapped or overlaid in a regular, usually crisscross pattern.     格构开放式格架，由金属片。木片或相类似原料搭叠成格状，通常用交叉方式构成
 For analog inputs, any absolute voltage value above which the analog-to- digital converter cannot distinguish a change. The overload value can be different for plus and minus inputs.     就模拟输入而言，使模数转换器不能区别其变化的超范围的绝对电压值。超载值对于正输入和负输入可能不同。
 My room overlooked the garden.     我的房间俯瞰花园。
 I stayed overnight at a friend's house.     我在朋友家过了一夜。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The appeal court override the decision of the lower court.     上诉法院推翻了下级法院的裁决。
 The news programme overran the allotted time.     新闻节目超出了规定的时间。
 She is an overseas student in Britain.     她是个在英国的外国留学生。
 The company had succeed best on the overseas market.     该公司在海外市场获得巨大成功。
example sentence not found
 Many errors are caused by oversight.     有很多错误是由疏忽造成的。
 Acts of war; overt warfare.     战争行为；公开战争
 A car overtook me although I was going fast.     我虽然开得很快，还是被一辆车超过了。
 The rebels have overthrown the government.     反叛者已推翻了政府。
 This new order will mean (us) working overtime.     这一新定单意味著（我们）得加班加点.
example sentence not found
 The boat overturned but didn't sank.     小船翻了，但没有沉。
 The opening chapter gives a general overview of the subject.     开篇第一章是对主题的概述.
 Be my luggage overweight?     我的行李超重了吗？
 The village was overwhelmed when the floods came.     这个村庄在洪水泛滥时被淹没了。
 The scenic splendors of the Rocky Mountains are overwhelming.     落基山脉的壮丽景色使人赞叹不已。
 Self- make men are very apt to usurp the prerogative of the almighty and overwork themselves.     全凭一己奋斗而成功的人，大有篡夺上帝的大权之势而过度工作。
example sentence not found
 She was in a very overwrought state after the accident.     事故发生後她精神十分紧张.
 He owes his success more to luck than to ability.     他认为他的成功是靠运气而不是因为自己有能力。
 There is still 2 dollars owing.     还欠着2美元。
 The owl swooped down on the mouse.     那只猫头鹰向著老鼠猛扑下来.
 Your life is your own affair.     你的生活是你自己的事。
 The property revert to its original owner in1998.     财产于1998年将归还原所有人。
 The two brothers have dispute over the ownership of the land.     这兄弟俩对土地的所有权有争议。
 He goaded the ox on.     他用刺棒驱牛。
 It is well known that the thing formed when an element combines with oxygen is called oxide.     众所周知，当一种元素与氧结合时，形成的东西被称为氧化物。
 The carbon14 atoms oxidize to carbon dioxide which gets blown about and mixed up with lower atmosphere.     碳14原子氧化生成二氧化碳，向四周散去并与低空的大气混合。
 There was a shortage of oxygen at the top of the mountain.     山顶上缺氧。
 That oyster closed up its valves.     那个牡蛎把壳合拢起来。
 Just breathe in that ozone!     吸吸那种新鲜空气吧!
 The lion paced the floor of his cage restlessly.     狮子烦躁地在兽笼里走来走去。
example sentence not found
 These creatures live in the depth of the Pacific Ocean.     这些生物生活在太平洋的海底。
 He tried to pacify the protesters with promise of reform.     他试图以改革的承诺安抚抗议者。
 The boy does his work at a snail's pace.     小男孩慢吞吞地做作业。
 We leave tomorrow but I haven't begun to pack yet!     我们明天动身，但我现在还没开始收拾行李呢！
 The postman brought me a large package.     邮递员给我送来一个大包裹。
 The special packaging will run up the price of the item.     这种特殊包装会抬高这种商品的价值。
 There is a list of ingredients on the side of the packet.     包装袋的边上印有所含配料表。
 The act, process, industry, art, or style of packing.     包装，打包包装的动作过程、工业、艺术或样式
 President Reagan… will insist that the pact be considered on anall or nothing basis.     里根总统……将会坚持该条约必须在“全部接受，否则不签”的基础上予以考虑。
 He jotted down a note on the pad by the telephone.     他在电话机旁的便笺本草草记下一个通知。
 No padding, please.     请不要放衬垫。
 They tried to row the small boat off with a paddle.     他们试图用桨把小船划开。
 There is a page missing in this book.     这本书缺了一页。
 A public celebration or spectacular pageant.     盛典公共庆祝活动或热闹的游行
example sentence not found
 I was paging through a magazine when he came in.     他进来时我在翻阅一本杂志。
 I want a pail of milk.     我想要一桶牛奶。
 She's pained by her son's conduct.     她对儿子的行为感到痛心。
 The operation was very painful.     手术很痛。
example sentence not found
 He spares no pains to study English.     他不辞劳苦地学习英语。
example sentence not found
 The wall requires a new coat of paint.     这墙需要再涂一层新油漆。
example sentence not found
 The painter stretched the canvas on a frame.     画家把油画布紧绷在画框上。
 That is an oil painting of a landscape in spring.     那是一幅描绘春天景色的油画。
 This pair of trousers is too tight for me.     这条裤子我穿太紧了。
 The number of electron pairs an atom can share with other atoms.     共用电子对数，共价一个原子与其他原子共用的电子的对数
example sentence not found
 Some cinemas used to be called Picture Palaces.     一些电影院曾叫作电影宫。
example sentence not found
 All other anxieties paled into insignificance besides the possibility of war.     和可能打仗相比，所有其他忧虑都变得微不足道了。
 A limited palette.     有限的色调
 He knew the passage like the palm of his hand.     他对这条航线了如指掌。
example sentence not found
 The pampered cat refused to eat food without meat.     这只被娇惯的猫拒绝吃没有肉的饭。
 The pamphlet contains information of political opinion.     这本小册子含有关于政治主张的资料。
 I thought it was a good idea, but I don't think it will pan out.     我原以为这个想法很好，但现在我认为它行不通。
 A remedy that cures all diseases or evils; a panacea.     万灵药能治愈所有疾病或罪恶的药物；仙丹
example sentence not found
 It's illegal to kill a panda.     杀害熊猫是犯法的。
 A strip of wood or metal separating and holding panes of glass in a window.     窗格条窗户上用来隔开和固定窗玻璃片的木条或者金属条
 The panel was chosen to take part in discussion.     那个专门小组被选中参加讨论。
 She got into a panic when she thought she'd forgotten the tickets.     她想起忘记带入场券，顿时惊慌起来。
 The panorama of color and action which fills the world is taken for granted.     充满世间的色彩和动作的景象被当成理所当然，或许，这是人性共有的特点。
example sentence not found
 He panted out the message.     他上气不接下气地说出此事。
example sentence not found
 No food is left in the pantry except some bread.     食品柜里除了一些面包其它什麽也不剩。
 This sport jacket will match those pants nicely.     这件运动衫和那条短裤很相配。
 She papered the room green.     她用绿色壁纸裱糊房间。
example sentence not found
 Peter hopes that this textbook will be issued as a paperback, as this will increase the sales.     彼得希望这本教科学书以平装书出版，因为这样可以增加销售量。
 Who's been rooting about among my papers?     谁翻过我的文件了？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is the elder statesman par excellence.     他是最优秀的年长的国务活动家.
 Our first parachute jump was an exhilarating experience.     我们第一次跳伞感到兴奋莫名.
 The Olympic Games begin with a parade of all the competing nations.     奥运会以参赛各国的列队行进开始。
 I see no sign of the actual approach of this hundred per cent French paradise.     我看不出有什么迹象表明这种十全十美的法国天堂真正会到来。
 Paradox and irony are characteristics of her style.     她善於运用似非而是的隽语和反语.
 The editor struck out the whole paragraph.     编辑把整段全删掉了.
 The railway lines run parallel to the road.     铁路线和那条道路平行。
 She is paralysed in both arms.     她的两只胳膊麻痹。
 The disease results in creeping paralysis.     这种病可发展成脊髓痨.
 The accident left her paralyzed in both legs.     事故后她的腰部以下瘫痪了。
 Spend by each department have to fall within certain parameter.     每个部门的开支必须属于确定的系数之内。
 This matter is of paramount importance.     此事至关重要。
 Paranoia reigns supreme among the women, causing much marital conflict.     偏执狂现象在妇女中很盛行，引起了许多婚姻纠纷。
 He has all the music paraphernalia you can buy.     你能买到的音乐相关产品，他全都有。
example sentence not found
 Don't give money to him; he is a parasite.     别给他钱，他是个好吃懒做的人。
 She sent me the present by parcel post.     她用邮包把礼物寄给了我。
 If I have offended you, I ask your pardon.     如有冒犯之处，请多多原谅。
 Being a parent can be hard work.     当父母可是件辛苦的事。
 A string of one or more characters used to separate or organize elements of computer programs or data; for example, parentheses, blank character, arithmetic operator, if,BEGIN.     用来分隔或组织计算机程序元素或数据元素的字符或字符串。例如括号、空格符、算术运算符、if（如果）、“BEGIN＂等。
 One have to dismount from an idea and get into saddle again at every parenthesis.     每当遇上一个括号，就叫人不得不从一种想法下马，然后再次骑上马鞍。
 First prize in the raffle is a holiday for two in Paris.     抽奖销售的头奖是两个人到巴黎度假旅游。
 They go to the parish church every week.     他们每周都去教区的教堂。
 A bit added to a binary code that indicates parity and is used to check the integrity of data.     奇偶校验位加在二进制码上的一个标明奇偶数的位，用于检验数据的完整性
 You are not allowed to park here.     此处不准停车。
 It's murder trying to find a parking place for the car.     找个停车的地方比登天还难.
 The President announced the dissolution of Parliament.     总统宣布了议会解散。
 Rock music blasted full from the parlor.     摇滚乐声震屋宇，从客厅传来。
 An exaggerated or grotesque imitation, such as a parody of a literary work.     模仿一种夸张或怪诞的模仿，如对一个文学作品的滑稽模仿
 This parrot is an amazing mimic.     这只鹦鹉很会学舌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This piece of glass seems to be part of a lamp.     这片玻璃似乎是一盏灯的一部分。
 Will you partake of a drink with us?     和我们一同喝一杯好吗？
 I'm very partial to sweet foods.     我非常偏爱甜食。
 Challenging the array is made either by reason of the partiality of the Sheriff or his under officer who arrayed the panel, or for some other cause.     要求全体陪审员回避是由于行政司法长官有所偏袒，或是由于他手上部署陪审员阵容的官员有所偏袒，以及其他原因。
 The maneuvering of an aircraft partially into a crosswind to compensate for drift.     飞机侧航部分操纵飞行器使之进入逆风以抵消滑行
 A participant in a feud.     结下世仇的人结下世仇的参与者
 A delegate sent to observe and report on the proceedings of an assembly or a meeting but not vote or otherwise participate.     观察团一个代表团，派去观察并报告集会或会议进展，但不投票或参与其它活动
 His participation is not welcomed.     他的参与不受欢迎。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There wasn't a particle of truth in what he said.     他说的没有一点真话。
 I'm not particular how you do it as long as it gets done.     只要把它完成了，你怎么做我并不计较。
example sentence not found
 The instrumentation is particularly fine.     这首器乐曲编得特别细致.
 The lawyer tried to dig up all the particulars of the case as soon as possible.     那个律师试图尽快查明这一案件的全部细节。
example sentence not found
 They exchanged a final kiss before parting.     他们最後相互亲吻而分离.
 Partisan politics is often an obstruction to good government. Office politics are often debilitating and counterproductive.     党羽的政治阴谋经常是良好政府的妨碍。公务上的政治争斗经常是带削弱性质和招致反效果的
 A grill or network of bars set in a window or door or used as a partition; a grate.     格栅由杆做成的栏栅或框架，置于窗内或门上用作隔离物；格栅
 We are all partly to blame.     我们都必须负一部分责任。
 The business is owned by two partners.     这家商行为两名合伙人所拥有。
 She worked in partnership with her sister.     她和妹妹合股经营。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 When does the birthday party take place?     生日庆祝会什么时候举行？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Please show me your monthly bus pass.     请出示公共汽车月票。
 Quality barely passable but price unattractive     质量尚可但价格并不便宜。
 The police kept a clear passage for the traffic.     警方使来往车辆畅通无阻。
 A structure that can be swung, drawn, or lowered to block an entrance or a passageway.     大门一种构造，可被摇晃、牵引或降低，从而堵塞一出口或一过道
example sentence not found
 He was a fine actor but he's a bit passe now.     他曾是优秀演员, 但现在最红时期已过.
 This is a large passenger airliner.     这是一架大型客机。
 The passerby was very grateful to us for directing him when he mistook his way.     这个过路人非常感激我们在他迷路时给他指了路。
 He has a passion for photography.     他对摄影有强烈的爱好。
 The novelist characterizes his heroine as capricious and passionate.     这位小说家把女主人公刻画成反覆无常而又多情的人.
 She is passionately fond of tennis.     她热爱网球.
 Passive character, attitude, quality, or behavior.     消极主义消极被动的性格、态度、品质或行为
example sentence not found
 The only passport to success is hard work.     通往成功的唯一途径是努力奋斗。
 New access-rights model for protect read- only translation unit via user group password.     新的访问权限模型用于经由用户组口令保护只读翻译单元。
 We drove past the house.     我们开车经过那座房子。
 Large-sized tubes of pasta stuffed with meat or cheese and baked in a tomato or cream sauce.     烤空心粉塞肉或干酪并加番茄或奶油汁烘烤而成的大空心粉条
 He pasted up a notice on the wall.     他把一张布告贴在墙上。
 Pastel colours are restful to the eye.     清淡柔和的颜色可以养目。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Writing is a solitary pastime.     写作是独自一人的消遣.
example sentence not found
 The priest makes pastoral visits every Tuesday.     牧师每星期二作履行神职的访问。
 She can make Danish pastry.     她会做丹麦点心。
 He's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow.     他正在高处的草地上放牛。
example sentence not found
 The government stood pat in its policy.     政府坚持自己的政策。
 He patched up a couple of old tires.     他补了几条旧车胎。
example sentence not found
 They patched up their differences.     他们解决了彼此间的分歧.
example sentence not found
 My knowledge of science is patchy.     我的科学知识只是一鳞半爪。
 Professor Pate, the famous phrenologist.     著名的颅相学家佩特师傅.
 The patent runs out in three years time.     这项专利期限为3年。
 The patent office needs90 days to wait for any possible opposition.     专利局需要90天的时间等候任何可能产生的反对意见。
 The woman on the photo is my paternal grandmother.     照片上的这个妇人是我祖母。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The path grew more obscure in the fading light.     小径在渐渐消失的光线下变得更暗了。
 We saw the pathetic sight of starving children.     我们看到挨饿的儿童悲惨可怜的样子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The pathological condition in which such painful masses occur.     痔疾这些令人疼痛的病块出现的病理状态
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I must tell you that his patience has its limit.     我必须告诉你，他的耐心是有限的。
 The patient finally died from cancer.     那位病人最终死于癌症。
 He was angry, nevertheless he listened patiently.     他生气了，但他还是耐心地听我说。
example sentence not found
 An open, often paved area adjacent to a house serving as an outdoor living space; a patio.     内院，庭院紧邻房间的一块开阔、通常铺过的区域，作为室外活动场所；庭院
example sentence not found
 The patriarch of the herd.     群众里年高德劭的人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Fine day for a shoot,  Patrick said. Julian then said to them all: Well, this is well met, what?      真是射猎的好天气，帕特里克说道。接着朱利安对他们大家说：喔，幸会！你说什么来着？
example sentence not found
 He was anxious to show himself patriot.     他急于表明自己是个爱国者。
 A Japanese battle cry or patriotic cheer.     万岁日本人在进攻时的呐喊或爱国的欢呼；
 They criticize their opponents under the cover of patriotism.     他们借口爱国来抨击反对者。
 We'll have to chance meeting an enemy patrol.     我们不得不冒著可能遇上敌人巡逻兵的危险.
 Modern artists have difficulty in finding patrons.     现代艺术家们很难找到赞助人。
 The theatre is under the patronage of the Arts Council.     那家剧院得到了艺术委员会的赞助。
 He resented the way she patronized him.     她待他那种屈尊纡贵的样子, 他十分愤恨.
 They will soon be hearing the patter of tiny feet.     他们很快就会有个小宝宝了。
 He patterned himself upon a man he admired.     他模仿一个他钦佩的人。
 Patty dawdled away four years in college.     帕蒂在大学里混了四年。
example sentence not found
 Peter sat next to Paul on the sofa.     彼得挨著保罗坐在沙发上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was degraded in their eyes; he had lost caste and station before the very paupers.     他在他们的眼光里是坍台了；他在贫民前面丢了体面和地位。
 There was a pregnant pause before she answered my question.     她耐人寻味地停顿了一下才回答我的问题.
 The road was paved with cobblestones.     那条路是用鹅卵石铺成的。
 Several pedestrians had come to grief on the icy pavement.     几个行人在结冰的人行道上滑倒了.
 Look, the pavilion is high in the sky.     噍，那亭子高高地立在空中呢。
 A molded rectangular block of clay baked by the sun or in a kiln until hard and used as a building and paving material.     砖块在太阳下或窑里烘烤变硬的模制长方形黏土砖，用作建房和铺路的材料
 The dog was howling its paw was hurt.     那条狗在嗥叫--它的爪子受伤了.
example sentence not found
 We are mere pawns in the struggle for power.     在权力斗争中我们只是一批小卒。
 The shop of a pawnbroker.     当铺开当铺者的店
 She paid no heed to our warnings.     她不把我们的警告放在心上。
 The payment of the goods is payable in instalments.     货款可以分期支付。
 The new appropriations bill could mean a larger paycheck for state employees.     新的岁出预算案对国家雇员来说是一张更大的支票
 I am broke now that it's just before payday.     刚好在发薪日前我已一文不名。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The payment of the goods is payable in instalments.     货款可以分期支付。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Lopped him from the payroll.     将他从工资单上除名
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This kind of pea has a long pod.     这种豌豆长着长豆荚。
 She's never at peace with herself.     她总是静不下来.
example sentence not found
 This area is peaceful except for a few skirmishes in the distance.     除了远处的零星的小冲突之外，这个地区是和平的。
 Now it is generally accepted that the countries with different social systems can coexist peacefully.     ＂现在一般都承认，不同社会制度的国家可以和平共处。＂
example sentence not found
 The fuzz on a peach.     桃子上的绒毛
 The sparrow is sorry for the peacock at the burden of its tail.     麻雀看见孔雀负担着它的翎尾，替它担忧。
example sentence not found
 The mountain peaks are covered with snow all year.     山顶上终年积雪。
example sentence not found
 Oh, the108 peal of the temple bell have start.     哦，除夕的钟声开始响了。
 He likes to eat peanut jam.     他喜欢吃花生酱。
 Peanuts do well in this area.     这一带花生长得很好。
 This salad is made of apple, pear, potato and celery.     这份色拉是由苹果、梨、土豆和芹菜做成的。
 A pearl or mineral that has been cut and polished for use as an ornament.     宝石，珍珠珍珠或矿石，已被切割或抛光而作为装饰品
example sentence not found
 The pearly sheen absorbed many people.     珍珠的光泽吸引了很多人。
 The failure of their crops spelt disaster for the peasant farmers.     作物歉收农民就要受灾.
example sentence not found
 A broad area of open land, often high but poorly drained, with patches of heath and peat bogs.     沼泽一片大面积的开阔地，通常很高但排水不好，有成片的荒野和泥炭田
example sentence not found
 He dropped a pebble from the bridge and waited for the plop.     他从桥上扔下一颗卵石, 然後等著听那扑通的一声.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The boy started pecking at the keys of the piano.     男孩开始在钢琴上乱弹一气。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This style of cooking is peculiar to the country.     这种烹调方法是那个国家的特色。
 She has peculiarities on diet.     她有饮食方面的怪癖。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He pushed hard on the brake pedal to avoid a collision.     他使劲踩下煞车踏板以避免撞车。
example sentence not found
 A dull, pedantic speaker or writer.     学究枯燥而迂腐的讲话人或作者
example sentence not found
 Go peddle your papers. I'm certainly not going to pay for the damage that wasn't my fault.     你走开吧！损失不是由于我的过错造成的，我一分钱也不会付给你。
 A peddler or dealer of cheap goods.     小贩卖廉价货的小贩或商人
 The statue reposes on a pedestal.     塑像安放在台座上。
 Being a good pedestrian is just as important as being a good driver.     做一个好的行人就像做一个好的司机一样重要。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Direct descent from an ancestor; lineage or pedigree.     家系从一个祖先传下来的直接世系；家系或家族
example sentence not found
 My grandmother dickered with the pedlar over the price of apples.     我祖母为苹果的价格与小贩讨价还价。
 He just had time to peek into the room before the door closed.     他刚向房间里望了一眼门便关上了。
 The paint was peeling.     油漆正在剥落。
example sentence not found
 The paint was peeling.     油漆正在剥落。
 I caught him peeping at my paper.     他偷看我的论文时，我当场抓住了他。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The opinions of his peers are more important to him than his parents' ideas.     在他看来，他同辈人的观点比他父母的观点更为重要。
 His Chinese kung fu is peerless.     他的中国功夫是无敌的。
example sentence not found
 A peevish child is unhappy and makes others unhappy.     一个脾气暴躁的孩子自己不高兴也使别人不高兴。
 Their pride in their achievements has come down a peg.     他们对自己的成就不再觉得那么了不起了。
 Peggy has come up with this fantastic idea for a party.     佩吉提出了这样一个异想天开的聚会计划。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A small pill or pellet.     小药丸，小糖丸
 The books were scattered pell-mell over the floor.     书本凌乱地散置在地上.
example sentence not found
 The crowds pelted bad eggs at the speaker.     群众纷纷向演讲人扔臭鸡蛋。
example sentence not found
 She fumbled about in her handbag for a pen.     她在手提袋中搜寻钢笔。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 People who drive when they are drunk should be heavily penalized.     对酒醉开车者应予重罚.
 One of the penalties of fame is that people point at you on the street.     当了名人的麻烦之一是在街上被人指指点点。
example sentence not found
 The shares are currently being quoted at 54 pence a share.     该股票现在的报价是每股54便士.*
example sentence not found
 My pencil is blunt, could you lend me a knife to sharpen it?     我的铅笔钝了，你能借我把刀子削一削吗？
 A glass pendant, especially on a chandelier.     玻璃吊灯架玻璃垂饰，尤指枝形吊灯上的
example sentence not found
 A decision on this matter is pending.     此事即将作出决定.
example sentence not found
 A pendulum oscillates.     摆锤能摆动.
 Nothing we say penetrates his thick skull!     无论我们说什麽他都不懂。
example sentence not found
 He writes with penetration.     他写的文章尖锐深刻。
 The penguin is a flightless bird.     企鹅是一种不会飞的鸟。
example sentence not found
 Allergic children; highly allergic to penicillin.     过敏的儿童；对青霉素高度过敏
example sentence not found
 An ancient region and Roman province of the Iberian Peninsula. It corresponded roughly to modern-day Portugal.     卢西塔尼亚古代一个地区，是古罗马帝国在伊伯利亚半岛的一个省份，大致相当于今天的葡萄牙
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 My firm in Hongkong went bankrupt and left me penniless, and I could only get home by working my ticket.     我在香港开设的商行破产了，落得个身无分文，只得靠在船上做工抵偿船费才回到家乡。
 Pennsylvania produce the first of the game's two deadlock at5: 00 of the second quarter.     这次比赛出现两次平局，在第二个四分之一场的第五分钟宾州队第一次将比分拉平。
 Penny wise, pound foolish.     【谚】小事聪明，大事糊涂；抓了芝麻，丢了西瓜。
example sentence not found
 The students went into the examination room, armed to the teeth with pens, pencils, rulers, computers and so on.     同学们带着钢笔，铅笔，尺子，计算器走进考场，他们个个装备齐全。
 Size of pension depends on length of service with the company.     养老金的多少取决於为公司服务年限的长短.
 The tax threshold for a single pensioner is 450 dollars.     单身养老金领取者的征税起点是450美元。
 The woman in this painting has a pensive smile.     这幅画上的女人脸上露出忧郁的微笑。
 But the judge had no stomach for bureaucratic infighting(particularly with the Pentagon, which controls most of his intelligence budget plus its own) and not much feel for how to fit secret information into policy debates.     可是法官无意参与政府内斗（尤其不愿与国防部内斗。国防部控制自己的预算，也控制着他的大部分情报预算），同时他也不甚清楚如何把机密情报扯进政策辩论。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Peoples in Africa are living in penury.     非洲的人民过着贫穷的生活。
example sentence not found
 I like the carpets patterned with peonies.     我喜欢印有牡丹花图案的地毯。
 She's spending Christmas with her people.     她与亲人一起过圣诞节。
example sentence not found
 Please pass me the pepper.     请把胡椒粉递给我。
 The speaker was peppered with awkward questions.     发言人被尴尬的问题所围困。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A peptide hormone, produced by the thyroid gland in human beings, that lowers plasma calcium and phosphate levels without augmenting calcium accretion.     降钙素一种缩氨酸荷尔蒙，由人体内的甲状腺产生。在不增加钙含量的情况下，可降低血中钙和磷酸盐的含量
 The hurricane has a speed of 73 miles per hour.     飓风每小时73英里。
 A sheikdom and city of eastern Arabia on the Persian Gulf. The city is the capital of the federated United Arab Emirates. With enormous oil revenues, the sheikdom has one of the highest per capita incomes in the world. Population, 242,975.     阿布扎比阿拉伯东部波斯湾上的一酋长国和城市。为阿拉伯联合酋长国的首都。因为有大量的石油收入，该酋长国为世界上人均收入最高的国家之一。人口242，975
 The female is generally drab, the male per contra brilliant.     一般来说雌性是黄褐色的，而雄性是色彩鲜明的。
example sentence not found
 But it's important to remember this is not about the technology, per se; It's about how it is used,  says psychologist Christine Riley of Intel, one of the study's sponsors.     然而，重要的是不要忘记这与技术本身是无关的，问题在于如何使用因特网。这项研究的发起人之一、心理学家、英特尔公司的克里斯廷・赖利说。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We had already perceived how the temperature fluctuated.     我们已注意到温度的波动情形.
 The covering of forestry in our town is 60 percent.     我们镇的森林覆盖率是百分之六十。
 We have only a small percentage of foreign books.     我们只有一少部分外文书。
 It's perceptible that you are a good man.     可以看出，你是一个好人。
 The branch of psychology that deals with the relationship between the nervous system, especially the brain, and cerebral or mental functions such as language, memory, and perception.     神经心理学心理学的分支，研究神经系统特别是脑神经系统与诸如语言、记忆、知觉等脑功能或心理功能之间相互关系的科学
 Mentally responsive and perceptive; quick.     思维敏捷的思维反应迅速且感觉灵敏的；快速敏捷的
example sentence not found
 The small village perched on a hill.     这个小村庄位于山上。
 A passenger perchance ride on the wagon prevent a fatal accident.     一个偶然坐车的旅客使这辆大车免遭了一场大祸。
example sentence not found
 I'll percolate some coffee for you.     我给你滤煮一些咖啡。
 Percussion instruments or their players considered as a group.     把打击乐器或他们的演奏者看成一组
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The man trembled whenever he thought of the perdition.     这个人一想起死后的永久惩罚就颤抖不已。
example sentence not found
 The teacher spoke in a peremptory tone.     老师以命令的口吻说话
example sentence not found
 Something that remains perennially fresh, interesting, or well liked.     经久不衰的事物常新的、百看不厌的或永保美名的事物
example sentence not found
 The project is far from perfect.     这项企划很不完美。
 If a thing is not done to perfection, it is unacceptable.     做得不完美的事是无法接受的。
example sentence not found
 Don't shout into my ears like that, I can hear you perfectly well.     别那样对我大声嚷嚷，我能听清楚。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Their football team performed very well in the match yesterday.     他们的足球队在昨天的比赛中表现突出。
example sentence not found
 The novel is considered a brilliant performance.     这部小说被认为是出色的佳作。
 The performer received only pitying looks from his audience.     从观众的表情看, 那表演者得到的只是同情和怜悯.
 Can you smell the perfume of the roses?     你能闻到玫瑰花的香味吗？
example sentence not found
 The policy of making only a perfunctory effort or symbolic gesture toward the accomplishment of a goal, such as racial integration.     表面文章一种只对一个要完成的目标、如种族融合而作一些随意的努力或象征性的姿态的策略
example sentence not found
 Such a mistake would perhaps lead to disastrous consequences.     这样一种错误可能导致灾难性的后果。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You had better not invest so much money at your peril.     你最好不要冒险投资这么多。
 It is true during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature.     确实在探险中，他们经常面临着各种最有危险性的艰难和险阻。
 The barbed wire fence round the perimeter discouraged intruders.     周围有铁丝网阻止了外人闯入.
 Which period of history are you studying?     你正在学哪一段历史？
 The quality or state of being periodic; recurrence at regular intervals.     周期性周期出现的性质或状态；以固定的间隔而发生
 The periodic table now contains all the elements known to man arranged in their proper sequence.     现在周期表包括人类已知的全部元素，这些元素按适当的顺序排列起来。
 I should be glad if you could insert this article into your periodical.     如果能把这篇文章登在你的期刊上我将很高兴。
 A device that periodically and automatically opens and closes an electric circuit, producing pulses.     断续器一种阶段性的能自动打开及关闭电路并产生脉冲的仪器
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The central processing unit of a computer exclusive of peripheral and remote devices.     主机计算机除了外部和分离的装置以外的中心运作部件
 Carrying inward to a central organ or section, as nerves that conduct impulses from the periphery of the body to the brain or spinal cord.     传入的传入到中央器官或部分的，如从身体的神经末梢周围传导神经冲至大脑或脊柱腱的神经
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The lumbermen were perished with cold.     伐木工人冻僵了。
 Keep perishable foods under refrigeration.     把容易变质的食物冷藏起来.
 He's too perishing mean to pay his share.     他小气极了，连自己的那份钱也不付。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstone, women, and competitor.     世上的伪证，有五分之四花费于墓碑、女人以及竞争对手之上。
 The horse perked up its head when I shouted.     我吆喝时那马扬起了头.
 He's still in hospital, but he seems quite perky.     他虽然还住著院, 可是看上去倒挺精神.
 Do you want a perm like you have last time?     您要不要？上次一样烫头发？
example sentence not found
 They established their permanent abode here.     他们在此建立了永久居所。
 A person who leaves one country to settle permanently in another.     移民离开自己的国家并到别国永久定居的人
example sentence not found
 The inward flow of a fluid through a permeable membrane toward a fluid of greater concentration.     内渗透一种液体透过可渗透膜流向另一种浓度比它高的液体的内部流动
 Water has permeated (through) the soil.     水已渗遍那片土壤.
example sentence not found
 Her request is permissible.     她的要求是许可的。
 With your permission I'll leave now.     如果你同意的话，我现在就动身。
example sentence not found
 I'll come after the meeting if time permits.     如果时间许可的话，我开完会就来。
example sentence not found
 Pollution of the water supply reached a level pernicious to the health of the population.     水源污染已经达到危及居民健康的程度。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The wall is a little out of the perpendicular.     那墙有点斜。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She's tired of their perpetual chatter.     她对他们没完没了的闲谈感到厌倦。
example sentence not found
 These measures will perpetuate the hostility between the two groups.     采取这些措施势必使那两集团永远对立。
 These lands were granted to our family in perpetuity.     这些土地依法永远归我们家族所有.
 When new math was introduced into schools, many parents were perplexed by it.     当学校开设新的数学课时，许多家长对此感到迷惑不解。
 The question perplexed me.     那问题把我难住了.
 An awkward or perplexing situation; a predicament.     困境令人难堪或困窘的形势；窘境
 She looked at us in perplexity.     她茫然地看着我们。
 Perquisites include the use of the company car.     福利包括可以使用公司的汽车.
 They came to America after being persecuted for their religious beliefs.     他们是在他们因宗教信仰而受到迫害之后来到美洲的。
 A psychotic disorder characterized by delusions of persecution or grandeur, often strenuously defended with apparent logic and reason.     妄想狂，偏执狂一种通常用表面的逻辑和道理来设想的具烦扰或夸大妄想特征的精神错乱症
 You need perseverance to win in politics and I doubt if he can go the distance.     在政治上, 需要矢志不移才能取胜, 我怀疑他能否坚持到底.
 When things get difficult, you just have to grit your teeth and persevere.     遇到困难只需咬紧牙关坚持下去.
 Refusing to give up or let go; persevering obstinately.     坚持不懈的，执意的拒绝放弃或听任的；顽固坚持的
 Greek culture penetrated Persia through the medium of the Syrians.     通过叙利亚人作媒介，希腊文化渗透到波斯。
 An ancient Persian unit of distance, usually estimated at3.5 miles(5.6 kilometers).     巴拉尚古波斯的一种长度单位，通常等于3。5英里（5。6公里）
example sentence not found
 If you persist in breaking the law you will go to prison.     如果你再继续违法的话，你会坐牢的。
 The doctor couldn't explain the persistence of the fever.     医生无法解释高烧何以持久不退。
 She eventually married the most persistent one of her admirers.     她终于嫁给了最执着追求她的人。
 By persistently remaining single, a man converts himself into a permanent public temptation.     坚持独身，就会使一个男人把自己化为永远吸引大众的人物。
example sentence not found
 The firm has an important asset in the person of the director of research.     公司有一巨大财富，就是研究部主任这个人。
 He was declared persona non grata and forced to leave the country.     他被宣布为不受欢迎的人而被迫离开该国.
example sentence not found
 He played the personage of Hamlet in the play.     他在这个剧中扮演哈姆雷特。
 Personal cleanliness is important to health as well as to appearance.     个人清洁对于健康和仪表同样重要。
 Be careful how you start the personal computer.     要注意怎样起动个人计算机。
 He ghosts for a number of sports personalities who `write' newspaper columns.     他给一些为报纸专栏｀写＇文章的体育界名人做捉刀人.
 He has a dynamic personality.     他是个性活跃的人。
 We don't want to personalize the issue.     我们不想把问题搞得个人化了.
 He chose Germany, but personally I'd prefer to go to Spain.     他选择了德国，而我个人倒更喜欢西班牙。
example sentence not found
 Although she is poor, she is the personification of generosity.     她虽然贫穷，却是慷慨大方的化身。
 The sun and the moon are often personified in poetry.     诗歌中常把日、 月拟人化.
 I am studying personnel management.     我正攻读人事学。
 You must get the story in its right perspectives.     你必须正确地了解这件事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety- nine per cent perspiration.     天才的百分之一是灵感，百分之九十九是血汗。
example sentence not found
 Can you persuade her out of her foolish plans?     你能劝她放弃她那些愚蠢的计划吗？
 In spite of my efforts at persuasion, he wouldn't agree.     尽管我努力劝说，他还是不同意。
 He talked to her with persuasive manner.     他以晓之以礼的态度劝说她。
 She is a pert child.     她是一个冒失的孩子。
 It does not pertain to the young to instruct their elders.     年轻人不应该对老年人发号施令。
example sentence not found
 She is the most vocal and pertinacious of all the critics of the policy.     在所有的政策批评家中，她是陈词最多而且最为固执的。
example sentence not found
 The process of recording everything pertinent to a machine run, including identification of the machine run, recording the alternation switch settings, identification of input and output tapes, copy of manual key-ins, identification of all stops, and a record of the action taken on all stops.     有关计算机运行的全部事项记录的过程，包括计算机运行的标识、记录转换开关的置位、输入输出带的标识、人工键入信息的拷贝、所有停止的标识以及所有为停机所采取的动作记录。
 King Herod was greatly perturbed when he heard this;and so was the whole of Jerusalem.     希律王听后异常惊恐，耶路撒冷的全城居民也感到非常不安。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The invention of radio broadcasting meant that people from China to Peru could learn all the details of an event very soon after it happened.     无线电广播的发明使世界各地的人民在一个事件发生后不久就能很快知道其详细情况。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 After breakfast he perused the newspapers.     早饭后，他读了各种报纸。
example sentence not found
 The smell of baked apple pies pervaded the house.     房子里弥漫着烤苹果馅饼的香味。
example sentence not found
 We all wanted to go tomorrow, but she had to be perverse and insisted on going today.     我们都想明天去，但她十分任性偏要今天去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Scientific knowledge was perverted to help cause destruction and war.     科学知识被滥用于破坏和战争。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He never gave himself up to pessimism in spite of difficulties.     尽管遇到困难他从没有消极悲观过。
 The man who is a pessimist before forty-eight knows too much; the man who is an optimist after forty-eight knows too little.     未逾四十八岁的悲观主义者，是知道得太多之人；而年逾四十八岁的乐观主义者，是知道得太少之人。
 I have to say I'm rather pessimistic.     我得说我相当悲观。
 That child is an absolute pest!     那孩子讨厌极了！
 The horses in the meadow were being pestered by flies.     牧场上的马不断受马蝇滋扰.
 A biotechnology company is developing a range of new pesticide based on naturally occur toxin.     一家生物工艺开发公司正在根据自然滋生毒素的原理研制新型农药系列产品。
 Help has been too little and too late or too far from where it was most needed. The flood-gates of famine and pestilence are already open.     援助是那么少，那么晚，要不就是离急需的地区那么远。这么一来饥荒和瘟疫就已经泛滥成灾了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She keeps a cat as a pet.     她养了一只供玩赏的猫。
 A petal fluttered to the ground.     一片花瓣飘落到地上。
 Pete would have preferred to be on good terms with both his wife and his mother, but the effort of pleasing one without offending the other was like steering between Scylla and Charybdis.     彼得何尝不想跟妻子和母亲都和睦相处呢，可是他试图讨得一方欢心而不致触怒另一方的努力就像在拉岩石礁和卡律布狄斯大旋涡之间行舟一样，真是左也不得，右也不行。
 The road became narrower and rougher and eventually petered out.     这条路越来越窄，越来越难走，最后终于消失了。
 She petitioned her neighbor to turn down the radio.     她请求邻居把收音机关小点声。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The petrol is running out.     汽油快要耗尽了。
 Taiwan seems to contain no petroleum.     台湾恐怕没有蕴藏石油吧！
example sentence not found
 Pets can be a tie when you want to go away on holiday.     要想外出度假时, 宠物会成为牵累.
 A petticoat made of this fabric.     硬衬布衬裙用这种织物做成的衬裙
example sentence not found
 The party split into petty factions.     该党分裂成若干小派系。
 I'd be careful about putting him in charge of the petty cash; he's got sticky fingers.     让他保管零用现金，我得小心，他有小偷小摸的习惯。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The remark make me want to climb under the pew.     这句话使我真想藏在座位下面去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Something apparently seen but having no physical reality; a phantom or an apparition.     幻影，幽灵明显可见但没有物质的实体；幻影或幽灵
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Technicians and pharmacists are paramedical personnel.     技术员和药剂师都是医事辅助人员。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The two sets of traffic lights were out of phase.     那两组交通灯不同步。
 The dog flushed a pheasant from the bushes.     那只狗于雉从灌木丛中惊起。
 The doctrine or study of spiritual beings and phenomena, especially the belief in spirits intervening between human beings and God.     灵物学关于精神性的存在和物质现象的学说或研究，特别是对人类和上帝间精神交汇的信仰
example sentence not found
 International terrorism is not just a recent phenomenon.     国际恐怖主义并不是近年才有的现象。
example sentence not found
 Billy will bring sandwiches, Alice will bring potato chips, and last but not the hast Phil will bring the lemonade.     比利将带三明治来，艾利斯将带土豆片来，菲尔带的是柠檬汽水，那也不错嘛。
example sentence not found
 He spent his time philander with the girls in the village.     他把时间花在和村子里的姑娘们调情上了。
 Naively idealistic in the support of philanthropic or humanitarian causes.     社会改良空想家的在支持善心或博爱事件方面幼稚的、理想化的
 Scottish-born American industrialist and philanthropist who amassed a fortune in the steel industry and donated millions of dollars for the benefit of the public.     卡内基，戴尔1888－1955美国教育家，因著有一本自我修养的书如何赢得朋友及影响人民（1936年）而闻名
 Philanthropy is the refuge of people who wish to annoy their fellow creature.     博爱主义，是那些存心和自己的同类过不去的人的避难所。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Philippines were ceded to the United States by Spain.     西班牙把菲律宾群岛割让给美国。．
 The philistine attitude of the public resulted in the work being abandoned.     由於公众对艺术不感兴趣, 那个作品备受冷遇.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 According to some philosopher, everything in existence is reasonable.     某位哲学家认为, 存在的事物都是合理的。
 She seemed fairly philosophical about the loss.     她对所受损失似乎很看得开。
 The philosophy of the prisoners during their worst sufferings impressed even their captors.     俘虏们在最困苦时仍处之泰然，连捉住他们的人都深有感触。
 The British character is often said to be phlegmatic.     英国人的性格常说成是冷漠的.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The dialect of Phoenician spoken in ancient Carthage.     古迦太基语古迦太基人所说的腓尼基方言
example sentence not found
 What's your phone number?     你的电话号码是多少？
 In English, the `s' in `sip' and the `z' in `zip' represent two different phonemes.     英语中sip中的s和zip中的z为两个不同的音素.
 Agreeable sound, especially in the phonetic quality of words.     谐音，声音的和谐谐音或悦耳的声音，尤指词的音质
 He was popularly regarded as a great authority on phonetics.     他被普遍认为是语音学方面的大权威。
 This diamond is a phoney.     这钻石是假的.
 A paper or thin cardboard envelope for a phonograph record.     唱片套子留声机唱片的纸套或薄纸板封套
example sentence not found
 A peptide hormone, produced by the thyroid gland in human beings, that lowers plasma calcium and phosphate levels without augmenting calcium accretion.     降钙素一种缩氨酸荷尔蒙，由人体内的甲状腺产生。在不增加钙含量的情况下，可降低血中钙和磷酸盐的含量
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Any of various alloys of copper, with or without tin, and antimony, phosphorus, or other components.     铜合金铜与锡、锑、磷或其物质构成的一种合金，含锡，也可不含锡
 The photo lacks definition.     这张照片不够清晰。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The photocopier has been busy all morning.     影印机一上午都用著.
 A powdery ink used dry or suspended in a liquid to produce a photocopy.     色粉一种粉状颜料，在液体中变干或凝结，从而产生照片底片
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Try not to jerk the camera when taking a photograph.     拍照时照相机不要晃.
 Her silken long hair attracted the attention of a photographer.     她的光滑柔软的长发吸引了一位摄影师的注意。
 The equipment of the photographic studio was expensive.     装备摄影室的开支很大.
 There was some marvellous wildlife photography in the documentary.     这部记录片里有些绝妙的野生动物镜头。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This passage is concisely phrased.     这段话措辞简练。
example sentence not found
 We suggest that Smith be told about his physical condition as soon as possible.     我们主张应尽快告诉史密斯他的身体状况。
example sentence not found
 Woman is physically but not mentally weaker than man.     女子在体力上而不是智力上比男子弱。
 A person associated with but not officially residing in an institution, especially a nonresident physician on a hospital staff.     不住院的医生与一机构联合但不正式住在其中的人，尤指医院职员中不住院的内科医生
 British astronomer, physicist, and mathematician noted for his work on the kinetic theory of gases and his investigations into the relationships between mathematical concepts and the natural world.     詹姆斯，詹姆斯・霍普伍德1877－1946英国天文学家、物理学家和数学家。以气体动力学的研究和探索数学同自然界之间的关系著称
 Einstein's theory marked a new epoch in physics.     爱因斯坦理论开创了物理学的新纪元。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The physiological adaptation of an animal or a plant to changes in climate or environment, such as light, temperature, or altitude.     适应气候动物或植物在生理上对气候或环境的变化，比如光线，气温或高度变化的适应
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Russian physiologist who is best known for discovering the conditioned response. He won a1904 Nobel Prize for research on the nature of digestion.     巴甫洛夫，伊凡・彼得洛维奇1849－1936俄国生理学家，因发现条件反射而著名，他1904年因在研究消化作用的特征方面的贡献而获诺贝尔奖
 The application of the principles of the natural sciences, especially biology and physiology, to clinical medicine.     临床生物医学应用于临床医学的自然科学原理，尤指生物学与生理学
example sentence not found
 Practicing gongfu strengthens the physique.     武术可以锻炼筋骨。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The pianist forgot his music and had to improvise (the accompaniment).     弹钢琴的人把乐谱忘了, 只好即兴伴奏.
 The singer was accompanied by her sister at the piano.     这位歌唱家由她妹妹担任钢琴伴奏。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Have you seen the Picasso exhibition?     你参观过毕加索的画展吗?
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He picked the watch up from the carpet.     他从地毯上把表捡起来。
 Bob pecked at the hard ground with a pickaxe.     鲍勃用鹤嘴锄在坚硬的地面上挖掘。
 Five pickets were injured in the scuffle.     在混战中有五名罢工纠察队员受伤.
 Something or a group of things that are or may be picked.     采摘物；采集量已采集或可被采集的物体或一群物体
 The dish was accompanied by a variety of pickles.     这盘菜配有什锦泡菜.
 The pickpocket tried to run away with the passenger's wallet, but he soon got caught.     那扒手企图偷了那位旅客的钱包就溜，但没跑多过错就被抓住了。
 That lucky guy is a choice pickup for the girls.     那位幸运的男孩是女孩子们想把上的人。
 She is picky about what she eats because she is on a diet.     她正在节食，所以挑食挑得厉害。
 Their family often picnics in the woods.     他们一家常在树林里野餐。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A literary, dramatic, or pictorial device in which characters and events stand for abstract ideas, principles, or forces, so that the literal sense has or suggests a parallel, deeper symbolic sense.     寓言，讽喻一种文学、戏剧或绘画的艺术手法，其中人物和事件代表抽象的观点、原则或支配力，从而使表面含义含有或表达一种对等的，但更深刻的象征意义
 This book gives a good picture of life in China 100 hundred years ago.     这本书形象地描写了一百年前的中国生活。
example sentence not found
 These pictures will be on show next week.     下周将公开展出这些画。
 The place is remarkable for its picturesque scenery.     这个地方以它的如画的景色著称。
 It's annoying to have to get authorization for spending such piddling amounts of money.     花这麽一点钱也要去请示, 真烦人.
 She had two generous helpings of pie.     她吃了两客分量很足的馅饼。
example sentence not found
 He went to pieces when they told him the tragic news.     人们告诉他那悲惨的消息後，他已六神无主了。
 The building was assembled piecemeal.     那座建筑物是一块一块地组装起来的。
 The poster had been ripped to pieces.     那张广告画已被撕得粉碎。
example sentence not found
 I am cooking apple pies with my newly bought frying pan.     我正在用我新买的煎锅做苹果馅饼。
 A pier running out into the sea.     突伸到海中的码头。
 The needle pierced her finger.     针刺进了她的手指。
 All of a sudden a piercing scream broke the silence.     突然，刺耳的尖叫声打破了寂静。
 Excuse me, are you Mr. Pierre from Paris?     请问，哪一位是从巴黎来的皮埃尔先生？
 Often a convert is zealous not through piety, but because of the novelty of his experience.     改变信仰者之所以常常显得热情，并非出自虔诚，而是由于他的体验新鲜之故。
 The farmer keeps hundreds of pigs on his farm.     那个农场主在他的农场里养了几百头猪。
 I don't care where the money comes from: that's not my pigeon.     我不管钱从哪儿来, 那不是我的事.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I have mixed pigment with oil.     我已经把颜料和油混合起来了。
 He laid big stones at his house and began to build a pigsty.     他把大石块堆在房子前开始垒猪圈。
example sentence not found
 Some freshwater fish such as pike can withstand levels of acidity.     一些诸如梭鱼等淡水鱼可以抵御相当程度的酸性。
 The cart is piled high with fruit and vegetables.     马车上堆满了水果和蔬菜。
 She had been pilfering from the petty cash for months.     她多月来一直从零用现金中偷钱.
example sentence not found
 At length the pilgrim could shake the dust off his feet at Heidelberg.     那个朝圣者终于可以在海德堡停下来了。
 A pilgrimage to Mecca made by the faithful.     教徒前往麦加朝圣的旅途
 The situation is frightful, but it's just piling on the agony to keep discussing it.     情况很可怕，可是还一个劲儿地议论让人觉得更可怕。
 The pill is sugared.     这药丸加上了糖衣。
 Her handbag was pillaged on her way home.     在回家的路上，她的手提包被抢劫了。
 He has been a pillar of the Church all his life.     他一生都是教会的热心支持者。
example sentence not found
 There's only one pillow I'll toss you for it.     只有一个枕头--我跟你掷硬币决定谁用吧.
example sentence not found
 We are doing a pilot study to see if the new product will sell well.     我们正在为这种新产品做试销调查，看它的销路好不好。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The tip of an abscess, a boil, or a pimple, in which pus forms.     脓头中间有脓液的脓疮、疖或丘疹的顶端
 I bought a tie pin for my husband yesterday.     昨天我给丈夫买了一支领带别针。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The door pinched my finger as it shut.     门关上时夹了我的手指。
 They were pining for their homeland in Asia.     他们思念着在亚洲的故乡。
 Tom likes to eat pineapple very much.     汤姆非常喜欢吃菠萝。
 I refuse to put money into some half-baked plan to grow pineapples in Iceland.     我拒绝把钱投到在冰岛种植菠萝的不周全的计划中去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They were pinioned against the wall by the lorry.     那辆卡车把他们挤到墙根动弹不得。
 I like pink roses.     我喜欢粉色的玫瑰。
example sentence not found
 He has reached the pinnacle of his career.     他已经登上事业的顶峰。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She's not very steady on her pins.     她站得不太稳.
example sentence not found
 He is quaffing his beer by the pint.     他论品脱地大喝啤酒。
example sentence not found
 The history of public education in the United States dates from the society of the early pioneers.     美国的公共教育史起源于早期拓荒者的社会。
 Anybody who did anything in America up to1900 was liable to be made into a film... on the grounds of being a pioneer.     举凡在1900年以前在美国做过某些事的人，都很容易被拍成电影……以他是先驱人士为其理由。
 Having great reverence for God; pious.     虔诚的敬神的；虔诚的
example sentence not found
 She gives me the pip.     她老让我生气.
 He filled and lit his pipe.     他给烟斗装上烟，然后点着。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Recently they have laid an underground pipeline.     最近他们铺设了一条地下管道。
example sentence not found
 The piper dress in traditional scottish costume give us a warm welcome.     身穿传统苏格兰服装的风笛手们对我们表示热烈欢迎。
 Now come, Mr Smith, just help yourself. The roast duck has to be eaten piping hot.     来吧，史密斯先生，别客气。烤鸭是要趁热吃的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 When he realized nobody was listening to him, he left the room in a fit of pique.     他发觉谁也没有听他讲话，一气之下就走了。
example sentence not found
 The design for the new dress collection is pirate in the far east.     新式服装的系列设计在远东被非法翻印（剽窃）。
example sentence not found
 Pisa is to the west (of Florence).     比萨在（佛罗伦萨的）西边.
example sentence not found
 We were pissed around for hours before they finally gave us the right form.     他们浪费了我们好几个小时, 最後才把那份表格给我们.
example sentence not found
 A pistol shot rang out.     响起了手枪的声音.
 The piston seems ok. Maybe something else is wrong.     活塞似乎没问题。可能别的什么东西坏了。
 The ground was pitted by the heavy rain.     大雨使场地变得坑坑洼洼。
 We planned to pitch our camps in the mountains.     我们计划在山里扎营。
example sentence not found
 Every morning I make a pitcher of ice tea.     每天早晨我做一罐冰茶。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A concealed hole in the ground used as a trap; a pitfall.     陷阱地上用做陷阱的隐藏的洞；陷阱
 That was the pith of his argument.     那就是他论据的要点。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The patient was in a pitiful condition.     那个病人处于一种非常可怜的状况。
 This ruler is a pitiless tyrant.     这个统治者是一个冷酷的暴君。
 The peasant laboured for a mere pittance.     农民仅仅是为了微不足道的收入而辛苦地劳作。
 A borough of west-central Pennsylvania east-northeast of Pittsburgh. It is an industrial center. Population, 15,174.     印第安纳市美国宾夕法尼亚州中西部的一个自治村镇，位于匹兹堡东北偏东方向，是一个工业中心。人口15，174
example sentence not found
 We took pity on the homeless girl and took her into our house.     我们同情这个无家可归的女孩，让她住进了我们的屋子里。
example sentence not found
 The whole discussion pivots on this one point.     整个讨论内容均以此为中心。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Pizza dough must be knead for five minutes.     做比萨饼的面团要揉５分钟。
example sentence not found
 A large, usually printed placard, bill, or announcement, often illustrated, that is posted to advertise or publicize something.     海报通常印刷而成的大布告、招贴或公告，常附有插图，张贴以用来宣传或公布某事
example sentence not found
 You place me in a very difficult position.     你使我非常为难。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 But remember, you'll have to give me a finder's fee since I am acting as your placement agency.     不过要记着，既然我给你当职业介绍所的介绍人，你要给我职业介绍费。
example sentence not found
 His normally placid dog turned on him and bit him in the leg.     他那条狗平日很温顺, 这次突然发作咬了他的腿.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Whole passages of the work are plagiarized.     那作品整段整段都是剽窃的.
 The plague has broken out.     突然发生了鼠疫。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It's plain that he is the criminal.     很明显，他是罪犯。
example sentence not found
 The mountain tops are plainly visible from the village.     自该村望去, 群山之巅清晰可见.
 The coastal areas have mild winters, but by contrast the central plains become extremely cold.     沿海地区的冬天天气暖和，可是相比之下中部平原却异常寒冷。
example sentence not found
 Omission of a party, plaintiff, defendant, or cause of action that should have been included as a part of an action or a suit.     应参加诉讼的当事人的不参预应该被包括在内作为一宗诉论或诉案的一部分的一方。原告、被告或诉讼的案件不履行法律责任
 I heard a plaintive cry.     我听到一声悲伤的哭泣。
 She wore her hair in plaits.     她把头发编成辫子。
 Where do you plan to spend your holiday?     你计划去哪里度假？
 A planar region bounded by a circle.     圆形区，圆形空间被圆所包围的一个平面区域
 The quickest means of travel is by plane.     最快的交通工具是飞机。
 The radar scanned the sky for enemy planes.     雷达密切监视天空，搜索敌机。
 The planets of our solar system are Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.     我们太阳系的行星有水星、金星、地球、火星、木星、土星、天王星、海王星。
 A building or room containing a planetarium, with seats for an audience.     天文馆，天象放映馆装设天象仪并为观众准备椅子的建筑物或房间
 One of the four brightest satellites of Jupiter and the sixth in distance from the planet. Originally sighted by Galileo, it is the largest planetary satellite.     卡利斯托卫星木星最亮的四颗卫星之一，是距木星第六远的卫星。最初为伽利略所发现，它是最大的行星卫星
example sentence not found
 The party's main plank is reducing taxes.     该党政纲的基点是减税。
 Plankton that remains free-swimming through all stages of its life cycle.     终生浮游生物一种在其生命的所有阶段可自由游动的浮游生物
 Meticulous Japanese planners have tried to control everything from the weather to left-wing radicals to make sure the last rites for the87-year-old monarch come off without a hitch.     无微不至负责筹划的日本人，已经试图掌握所有情况――从天气以至左翼极端分子――以确保87岁的天皇最后几个典礼圆满度过。
 They are planning to visit Palestine in September.     他们正计划九月份访问巴勒斯坦。
 The speaker's supporters were planted in the audience and applauded loudly.     听众中安插了演讲人的支持者；他们使劲给他鼓掌。
 The plantation owners would rather plough their cotton in than sell it at a lower price.     种植园主宁可把棉花犁入土中，也不愿以低价出售。
example sentence not found
 A small card or plaque, such as a nameplate on a door.     小牌一种小卡片或牌，如门上的姓名牌
example sentence not found
 The living material of a plant or bacterial cell, including the protoplasm and plasma membrane after the cell wall has been removed.     原生质体植物细胞或细菌细胞的有生命的部分，包括原生质和去掉细胞壁后的质膜
 The man looks like a cartoon character with a plaster on his temple.     那人太阳穴上贴了一块膏药，看上去像个卡通人物。
example sentence not found
 The two decorators worked slowly to make mine that paint was plastered on the furniture evenly.     两个装饰工人干得很慢，以确保家俱上的油漆被均匀地涂上。
 Plastic is sometimes used instead of leather.     塑胶有时可以替代皮革。
example sentence not found
 Plastics are often used today.     塑料是现今常用的材料。
 His plate was piled high with rice.     他的盘子里盛满了米饭。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 After a period of rapid inflation, price have now reach a plateau.     经急剧通货膨胀之後物价现已趋於平稳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Please buy me a platform ticket.     请给我买张站台票。
 Originally Edison used platinum alloys for the filament, in the belief that carbon was impracticable.     爱迪生不相信碳可作灯丝用，所以一开始就用铂合金作灯丝。
 It's no more than a platitude.     无非是老生常谈。
 The modern Plato has an unbounded contempt for politicians and statesmen and party leaders who are not university men.     现代的“柏拉图”对那些不是大学毕业的政客、政治家和党派领导人轻蔑到无以复加的程度。
 Existing as an archetype or pattern, especially as a Platonic idea or perception.     观念的，理念的以原型或固定形式出现的，特指柏拉图哲学中的观点或概念
 Platoon, halt!     全排注意, 立定!
 Always got what they wanted on a platter.     总是毫不费力地得到他们想要的东西
example sentence not found
 A new play that opened to the plaudits of the critics.     受到评论家们喝彩的一出新戏剧
 He trotted out a most plausible story, but most of us were inclined to doubt the truth of it.     他提出了一个听起来很有道理的说法，但我们大多数人对此都持怀疑态度。
 They played a joke on me.     他们开我的玩笑。
 A relatively narrow magnetic tape used to record sound for subsequent playback.     录音磁带一种相对狭长的磁带，用于录下声音以便日后重放
example sentence not found
 This tennis player ranked third in the world.     这位网球运动员排名世界第三。
 She has a playful mood.     她有着快活的心情。
 There are more than five hundred people on the playground.     运动场上有五百多人。
 The children enjoyed making a playhouse out of cardboard.     那些孩子们喜欢用卡纸板搭玩具小屋玩。
 A playing card marked with nine pips.     标有九点的一张扑克牌
 She has been the playmate of every boy on the football team.     她曾经是足球队上每个人的性伴侣。
example sentence not found
 I used to get them new plaything to keep them quiet.     我过去总是给他们买新玩具来使他们安静。
 The children have three playtimes during the day.     那些学生一天有三次游戏时间.
 The legal right granted to an author, a composer, a playwright, a publisher, or a distributor to exclusive publication, production, sale, or distribution of a literary, musical, dramatic, or artistic work.     版权授予文学、音乐、戏剧或艺术作品的作者、作曲者、剧作者、出版商或独家经营出版、生产或销售的批发商的合法权利
example sentence not found
 She made an impassioned plea for justice.     她激昂地抗辩，恳求获得公正。
 Pleading ignorance of the law won't help you if you are caught.     假若因犯法被抓住，藉口不知是犯法亦无济於事。
 He apologized for not coming to the party, pleading pressure of work.     他为不能到会而道歉, 推说是工作太忙.
 We are living in pleasant surroundings.     我们生活在舒适的环境中。
 The day went pleasantly enough until I received your call.     接到你的电话前，我过了愉快的一天
 Please come with me.     请跟我来。
 I am only too pleased to do business with you.     我能和你做生意，太高兴了。
 This wine is most pleasing to the taste.     这种酒的味道美极了。
example sentence not found
 She took no pleasure in her work.     她觉得自己的工作毫无乐趣。
 Accordion pleats; accordion blinds.     褶状的裙边；褶状的遮阳物
 He was born of plebeian origins.     他出身平民。
 The question of which state the minority group should belong to was decided by (a) plebiscite.     该少数民族应归属哪一州的问题已由公民投票表决.
 She pledged her support to us.     她保证支持我们。
example sentence not found
 A minister plenipotentiary assigned to a foreign embassy, ranking next below the ambassador.     特命全权公使派驻国外使馆的特命全权使节，仅低于大使
example sentence not found
 Marked by abundance; plentiful.     表现为丰富的；大量的
 There's plenty of room for everyone inside.     里面有的是地方，大家都可以进来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Capable of being bent or flexed; pliable.     柔软的可弯曲或扭曲的；柔韧的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She plighted herself to him.     她和他订婚了。
example sentence not found
 Labourers plodded home through the muddy fields.     工人们穿过泥泞的田地走回家去。
 We plodded on through the rain for several hours.     我们在雨中跋涉了几个小时。
 They are plotting how to murder him.     他们在密谋如何杀害他。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ground was ploughed and planted with corn.     地翻耕后种上了玉米。
example sentence not found
 The farmer is at the plow.     那个农民在种田。
example sentence not found
 His ploy is to pretend to be ill.     他的手法就是装病。
 She showed a lot of pluck in dealing with the intruders.     她对付那些闯入的歹徒表现得十分勇敢。
example sentence not found
 You can plug into the national computer network.     你可以接通全国计算机网络。
example sentence not found
 He ate the plum, and threw the core away.     他吃掉了李子，并扔掉了果核。
 Have you seen the brightly-coloured plumage of tropical birds?     你见过热带鸟类色彩斑斓的羽毛吗？
 He is just plumb crazy.     他真是疯了。
 The plumber stowed all his gear in a canvas bag.     管子工把他所有的工具都装进一只帆布袋里。
 A human is an ingenious assembly of portable plumbing.     人类，是一堆可以随意拆卸的铅管零件的巧妙装配。
 Resembling a feather or plume.     似羽毛的类似羽毛或大羽的
 Share price plummet or plunge on the news of the devaluation.     一有贬值的消息，股票价格就暴跌了。
 He switched on the light and plumped up the cushions.     他打开了灯，拍松了靠垫。
example sentence not found
 The enemy plundered the village.     敌人抢劫村庄。
 She plunged her hands into her coat pockets.     她把两手插在上衣口袋里。
example sentence not found
 The plural form of child is children.     child的复数形式是children。
example sentence not found
 The bill was USD10, plus USD1 for postage.     帐款是10美元，再加上一美元邮费。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This ship plies between London and Australia.     这艘船定期往返于伦敦和澳大利亚之间。
 The Pilgrim Fathers settled Plymouth.     清教徒殖民于普里茅斯。
 She holds her surgery on Fridays at 6 pm.     她星期五下午6时接待选民.
example sentence not found
 He was indebted to her for nursing him through pneumonia.     他感激她护理好了他的肺炎。
 A rival firm poached our best computer programmers.     我公司的竞争对手把我们最好的计算机程序编制员挖走了.
 She quickly pocketed the note without reading it.     她很快把通知放进口袋里，连看都没看。
example sentence not found
 I don't care how much make-up costs these days. That's not the point; you're still not getting any more pocket money.     我不管目前化妆品的价格如何，这不重要，但你仍旧得不到更多的零用钱。
example sentence not found
 He is podding peas.     他正在剥豌豆。
example sentence not found
 Blacked out at the podium.     在指挥台上晕倒
 The girl repeated the poem after I had read it twice.     我读了两遍这首诗，这个小女孩就会背诵了。
 The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.     诗人表达了他对所爱的女子火一般的激情。
example sentence not found
 I appreciate his poetic utterances.     我欣赏他那富有诗意的话语。
 Poetical works; poetry.     诗歌作品；诗歌
 Such poets as Keats and Shelley wrote Romantic poetry.     有些诗人，如济慈和雪莱，写的是浪漫主义的诗歌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I don't see the point of her last remark.     我不明白她最后那句话的意思。
 I have some sympathy with that point of view.     我比较赞成这种看法.
 I pointed out the shortcomings of the scheme, but he countered that the plans were not yet finished.     我指出那方案的缺点, 但他申辩说各项计划尚未完成.
 After having pointedly warned Baghdad not to use poison gas or combat aircraft anywhere in Iraq, warnings that had encouraged the rebellion, Mr.Bush pulled up short when Iraq continued to fly combat helicopters against the insurgents.     经过特别警告巴格达不得在伊拉克任何地方使用毒气和作战飞机（这些警告鼓励了少数民族叛变）以后，当伊拉克继续用作战直升机对付叛军时，布什却半途而废未加制止。
 A graduated surface or face on which a measurement, such as speed, is indicated by a moving needle or pointer.     标度盘有刻度的表面或面，在上面由活动的指针或指示器表示度量衡，比如温度
 That's the man who did it,' she said, pointing at me.     ｀那事就是他干的,＇她指著我说.
 It's pointless trying to keep your friendship secret it's common knowledge already.     你们无谓将友情保密--其实已尽人皆知了.
 The Dow Jones industrials, ahead10 points early in tandem with further improvement in bond prices, ended off13.59 at1, 944.63.     道・琼斯工业股早先随着公债价格提升而上涨10点，最后以1944。63收盘，下降13。59。
 We admired the graceful poise of the dancer.     我们很欣赏那位舞蹈演员的优美舞姿。
 The eagle poised in mid-air ready to swoop on its prey.     那鹰在半空中盘旋准备扑向猎物.
 Gases from cars are poisoning the air of our cities.     汽车放出的废气在污染我们城市的空气。
 The chemical companies are poisoning our rivers with effluent.     这些化学公司排出废水污染著我们的河流。
 Some plants have poisonous berries.     有些植物的浆果有毒。
 She poked her finger into the hole.     她把手指插入孔中。
 The reserve pieces, cards, chips, or play money in some games, such as poker, from which the players may draw.     发剩的牌在某些游戏如扑克牌游戏中保留的张、卡、片或纸钱，游戏者可以从中抽牌
example sentence not found
 Wales were trounced 5-0 by Poland.     威尔士队让波兰队以5比0打得一败涂地.
 Are there any animals in the polar circles?     南极圈和北极圈内有动物存在吗？
 Although they can swim, the polar bears are terrestrial animals.     北极熊虽然会游泳，但也是陆栖动物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The hut was made of poles covered with grass mats.     茅屋用木杆搭成，上面以草席覆盖。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In place of the scholarly tome that many people expected of him, Mr White has produced a polemic, and not a very good one at that. As the woman said, we are not amused.     怀特先生出版了一本并非人们所期待的博学的大部头，而是一本有争议的不是太好的小作品。正如这位妇女所说，我们对这很冷淡。
example sentence not found
 Our neighbourhood police are very friendly.     我们邻近的警察非常友善。
 I'll find the evidence I want, said the police officer, even if we have to tear the whole house apart.     警官司说：“即使我们不得不把整个房子翻个一塌糊涂，我也愿找到我要的证据”。
 At the police station, he was formally charged with murder.     在警察局他被正式控告犯谋杀罪。
 The policeman was justified in shooting the criminal in self-defence.     那个警察出于自卫枪击罪犯是正当防卫。
 The Queen was flanked by a retinue of bodyguards and policemen.     女王左右有保镖和警察护卫着。
 She was strongly committed to her job, a policewoman by eminence.     她非常忠于职守，一位典型的（卓越的）女警察。
 This latest incident may be the lever needed to change government policy.     最近的事件或许可以作为迫使政府改变政策所需的手段。
 He failed many times but he finally broke through to find a successful polio vaccine.     他失败了许多次，但终于发现了有效的预防小儿麻痹症的疫苗。
example sentence not found
 With this polish you can give a good high gloss to the wood.     使用这种上光蜡可使木器表面极为光亮平滑。
 It's an honest book but it hasn't been polished.     这本书写得真诚坦率，但还未经润色。
example sentence not found
 He moved aside for her with a polite bow.     他礼貌地鞠躬，退避一旁让她过去。
 They try to deal politely with angry customers.     他们尽量对发怒的顾客彬彬有礼.
 Politeness is an attribute of a gentleman.     彬彬有礼是绅士的本色。
 A politic decision.     一个明智的决定
 One suspects he was dismissed for political reasons.     有人怀疑他是由於人事上的原因而被解职的。
example sentence not found
 Raising taxes was politically unthinkable.     增加税收在政治上来讲是不能考虑的
 The politician made a naive decision.     这个政治家做了一个幼稚的决定。
 He is not interested in politics.     他不喜欢政治。
 A member of a Protestant church not observing the doctrines, usage, or polity of a national or established church, especially the Church of England.     不信奉国教的人新教教会的一个成员，他不遵从国家的或已建立的教会的教义、习惯做法或政体，尤指英国教会
 The result of the poll won't be known until midnight.     投票结果要到半夜才能知道。
example sentence not found
 Anther is a part of a flower that contains the pollen.     花药是花的雄蕊上带花粉的部分。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Of those poll, seven out of ten say they preferred brown bread.     那些被调查者十人中有七人说他们比较爱吃黑面包。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Many things pollute water, such as tires, trash, and plastic bags.     很多东西使水污染，例如轮胎、垃圾和塑胶袋。
 The tanker sank and the oil polluted the sea.     油轮沉没了，石油污染了海面。
 We are sad about the pollution of our beaches with oil.     我们很痛心石油对我们海滩的污染。
example sentence not found
 One of the periods of play, lasting 7 1/2 minutes, in a polo match.     一局在马球赛中比赛的一段时间，长七分三十秒
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A polygon whose angles are equal.     等角多边形各角都相等的多边形
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A molecule that can combine with others to form a polymer.     单体可以与其他分子结合形成聚合物的分子
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Give me health a day, and I will make the pomp of emperor ridiculous.     只要给我一天的健康，我会使皇帝的荣华变得荒谬可笑。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is a pompous official.     他是个自命不凡的官员。
example sentence not found
 The deer lowered its head to drink from the pond.     鹿低下头去喝池塘里的水。
 They are pondering moving their offices outside London.     他们正在考虑把办事处搬出伦敦。
example sentence not found
 The elephant lowered its ponderous body into the water.     大象把它那笨重的身躯浸入水里。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Where do you stable your pony?     你那匹矮种马养在哪儿?
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Got a poodle for her birthday.     收到一只长卷毛狗作为她的生日礼物
example sentence not found
 The children ducked each other in the swimming pool.     孩子们在游泳池里互相把对方按入水中。
 She mopped up the pools of water on the bathroom floor.     她擦 去浴室地面上一滩滩的水.
 Some people may regard radio as the poor relation of broadcasting.     有些人可能认为无线电广播在广播事业中稍逊一筹。
 No one will buy a book which (that) is poorly written.     没有人会买一本写得很烂的书。
 The rabbits popped out as soon as we opened the hutch.     我们一打开兔箱，兔子就突然跑出来了。
 A container or pan for making popcorn.     爆玉米花团之容器或长柄锅
 Pope John Paul II makes a point of giving at least some of his speeches in the language of the country he's visiting. He has the gift of tongues.     罗马教皇约翰保罗二世在他访问别的国家时，坚持用该国的语言进行部分的演讲。他具有多种语言才能。
 I eulogize the tall and straight trunk of the white poplar.     我赞美白杨树那挺拔的株干。
example sentence not found
 Any of several similar or related plants, such as the California poppy.     罂粟几种相似于罂粟或与其有关的植物一种，如加利福尼亚花菱草
 The populace at large are opposed to sudden change.     人民群众普遍反对突然实行的变革。
 Do you like popular music?     你喜欢流行音乐吗？
 Her books have been in popularity recently.     她的书近来大受欢迎。
 The series of books gained applause. We decided to popularize the method.     这套书出版以来，在市场上反应良好，我们决定推广这种学习方法。
 In Chinese, a computer is popularly known as anelectrical brain, for the working process of a computer is similar to a human brain very much.     在中文里，计算机有一个人所共知的雅号：“电脑”。这是因为计算机的工作过程与人的大脑思维过程极为相似。
example sentence not found
 The islands were gradually populated by settlers from Europe.     岛上逐渐迁入很多欧洲移民.
 There has been a steady decrease in population in this city.     这个城市的人口在持续下降。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The museum displays the specimen of ancient Chinese porcelain.     这个博物馆展出中国古瓷器标本。
 A pigeon perched on our porch railing.     一只鸽子栖息在我们门廊的栏杆上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sweat exudes through the pores.     汗从毛孔中渗出.
 The grease from pork can be used for frying.     猪肉炼出的油可用来煎炸食物.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Some people are sexually excited by pornographic magazines.     有的人看到色情杂志能激发起性欲。
 He thinks pornography is poison to young minds.     他认为色情会腐蚀年轻人的心灵。
 He added sand to the soil to make it more porous.     他往土里掺了些沙子以提高渗水性能。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Porridge is good for digestion.     粥有益于消化。
 The ship embarked passengers and food at a Spanish port.     这艘船在西班牙的一个港口装载了乘客和食品。
example sentence not found
 The new portable computers are going like hot cakes.     新的便携式计算机卖得很快.
 The portal of the mansion looks magnificent.     这座大厦的正门看上去富丽堂皇。
 It portends we are in danger.     这预示我们陷入危险。
 Signs full of portent.     充满凶兆的现象
example sentence not found
 Did you remember to tip the porter?     你记得给搬运工小费了吗？
 He went through drawer after drawer and eventually searched out a dusty portfolio.     他一个一个抽屉查找，后来终于找出了一份沾满灰尘的文件夹。
example sentence not found
 You may find the information you need in the first portion of the book.     你可以在这本书的第一部分找到你要的资料。
example sentence not found
 He finished the portrait in a few minutes.     他几分钟就完成了一副肖像画.
example sentence not found
 The picture portrays a beautiful sunset.     这幅画描绘了落日美景。
example sentence not found
 An ancient region and Roman province of the Iberian Peninsula. It corresponded roughly to modern-day Portugal.     卢西塔尼亚古代一个地区，是古罗马帝国在伊伯利亚半岛的一个省份，大致相当于今天的葡萄牙
 A person descended from or culturally related to the Spanish and Portuguese settlers of the Gulf States.     土生西班牙人，土生葡萄牙人海湾各州的西班牙和葡萄牙殖民者的后裔或与其有文化联系的人
 The artist posed his model carefully.     这个艺术家仔细地把他的模型放好。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She carefully positioned the cup on the edge of the shelf.     她把杯子小心地放在架子边。
 This charge is a positive charge.     这个电荷是正电荷。
 The weather in September was positively autumnal.     九月的天气确实像秋天了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The police asked me if I possessed a gun.     警察问我是否有枪。
 The police asked me if I possessed a gun.     警察问我是否有枪。
 The people had to gather up their few possessions and escaped abroad.     人们不得不收拾起仅有的一点财物逃到国外去。
 The people had to gather up their few possessions and escaped abroad.     人们不得不收拾起仅有的一点财物逃到国外去。
 My son is very possessive about his mother.     我的儿子想独占他的母亲。
 We must accept the possibility that we might be wrong.     我们必须承认，我们有可能搞错了。
 The police are investigating his possible involvement in the crime.     警方正在调查他卷入那桩罪行的可能性。
 She was possibly the greatest writer of her generation.     她也许是她那时代最伟大的作家。
 The rabbit played possum under the bushes, hoping the hunter would not see him.     兔子呆在灌木丛中一动也不动，希望猎人看不见它。
 The names of the members of the team will be posted up today.     队员名单将于今天公布。
example sentence not found
 I went to the post office to mail the letters.     我去邮局寄信。
 How much is the postage for an airmail letter to Canada?     寄往加拿大的航空信要多少邮费？
 Sheets of postage stamps are perforated.     一张张的邮票都打过接缝孔。
 The next postal delivery is at 4 o'clock.     下一次邮递时间是四点钟。
 Can you cash this postal order for me?     你能替我兑现这张邮政汇票吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She scrawled a few words on the postcard.     她在明信片上草草地写了几个字。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We posted several lookouts.     我们部署了几个岗哨。
 The poster only stayed up a few hours, before it was stolen.     那张海报贴上去没几个小时就让人给偷走了。
 The condition of being posterior in location or time.     在后在位置上或时间上较靠后的状况
 He will be greater to posterity if he have be willing to be less great.     如果他不自命不凡，那么对子孙后代来说，他就会更加伟大。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The letter is ready for posting.     信已写好，可以寄走了。
 The dog nipped the postman on the leg.     那只狗咬了邮递员的腿。
 The parcel was postmarked Brighton.     这邮包盖着布赖顿的邮戳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The party was postponed until 8 o'clock.     晚会推迟到8点举行。
example sentence not found
 As a postscript to his letter he added that he loved her.     他在信中加上附言, 写上了他爱她.
 The school building programme postulates an increase in educational investment.     修建校舍的计画是在增加教育经费的前提下拟定的.
 She has very good posture.     她举止很优雅。
example sentence not found
 They decide to go potting at rabbits in the field tomorrow.     他们决定明天去田野里打野兔。
example sentence not found
 No potassium did we find in this mineral.     在这种矿石中我们没有发现钾。
example sentence not found
 I like to cook dishes with potatoes.     我喜欢用马铃薯炒菜。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Potent liquor; a potent toxin.     有效力的酒；有效力的毒素
example sentence not found
 The most perceptive of the three, she was the first to realize the potential danger of their situation.     她在他们三人中最敏感, 首先意识到他们处境的潜在危险.
 The sum of characteristics and associated potentialities transmitted genetically to an individual organism.     遗传而得的特征传给个体生物体的基因特征和相关潜力的总和
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We spent the weekend pottering around (in) the house.     我们周末做一些琐碎的家务事.
 The archaeologists found gold coins and pottery in the lowest level of the site.     考古学家在发掘地最下层找到一些金币和陶器.
 They decide to go potting at rabbits in the field tomorrow.     他们决定明天去田野里打野兔。
 The drunk man lost his pouch in the bar.     那个喝醉了的人在酒吧里丢失了钱袋。
 The kangaroos carry their babies in the pouch.     袋鼠把小袋鼠放在育儿袋里。
example sentence not found
 The poultry are being fed.     家禽正在吃饲料。
 We saw the tiger pouncing on the goat.     我们看见老虎向那只山羊扑过去。
 He pounded the table angrily.     他生气地猛拍桌子。
example sentence not found
 A pounding or clanking noise made by an engine, often as a result of faulty fuel combustion.     爆震声发动机发出的震动或撞击的声音，通常是由于燃料燃烧不足引起
 The rain is really pouring down.     雨下得真大。
 She pouted to show off her new lipstick.     她撅嘴炫耀她的新口红。
 The old man has been soured by poverty.     那老人因贫困而变得乖戾了。
 He took a powder every morning.     他每天服用药粉。
 A light, porous, glassy lava, used in solid form as an abrasive and in powdered form as a polish and an abrasive.     轻石，浮石一种在固体状时用作研磨物且粉状时用作磨光物和研磨物的轻多孔火山岩
 The powers of the police need to be clearly defined.     必须对警方的权限作出明确的规定。
 The excitement about the new power plant was merely town talk.     关于新发电厂的纷纷议论只不过是桩传闻。
 The new power station has already come into operation.     这个新的发电站已经开始运转。
 The elephant grinds its food with/between its powerful molars.     象用其强有力的臼齿嚼碎食物.
example sentence not found
 I am powerless to intervene in the matter.     我对调停此事无能为力。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The mountain route is practicable only in summer.     只有在夏季那条山路才可以通行。
 She is very practical.     她很现实。
 My little son is fond of playing practical jokes on me.     我的小儿子喜欢对我玩恶作剧。
 Caught up in the romance of noble deeds and the pursuit of unreachable goals; idealistic without regard to practicality.     堂吉珂德式的沉湎于传奇故事中崇高业绩并追求无法实现的目标的；不考虑到实际的观念的
 She solved the problem very practically.     她很实事求是地解决了这个问题。
 It is the practice in Britain to drive on the left.     车辆靠左行驶是英国的制度。
example sentence not found
 The Hindu or Moslem system of sex segregation, practiced especially by keeping women in seclusion.     深闺制度尤指使妇女处于隔离状态的印度或穆斯林的性隔离系统
 I need to practise my Italian before my business trip.     我出差以前需要练习一下意大利语。
 A licensed practitioner of psychoanalysis.     心理分析医生有开业许可证的心理分析医生
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A view of the prairie faded in.     一个草原的景象渐显。
example sentence not found
 The teacher praised her for her courage.     老师赞扬了她的勇气。
 As for his moral character, he is also praiseworthy.     至于他的品德，也是值得称赞的。
example sentence not found
 That cheeky new secretary just pranced up to me and asked if I worked here!     那个冒失的新秘书兴冲冲地蹦跳到我跟前，问我是否在这里工作。
 A playful or amusing act; a prank.     诙谐开玩笑或滑稽的动作；开玩笑
 I don't want to invest all my money in this business; it would mean prating all my eggs in one basket.     我不想把所有的钱都投资在这项生意上，那是孤注一掷的做法。
 She prattles on about the village gossip.     她闲扯些村里的事。
example sentence not found
 They prayed that their enemies might be defeated.     他们祈求上苍让敌人失败。
 The congregation in the church knelt in prayer.     教堂的会众跪下来祈祷。
example sentence not found
 Those people go around preaching revolution.     那些人到处宣扬革命。
 Preacher say, do as I say, not as I do.     说教者言：照我所说的去做，但不要做我所做的。
 Those people go around preaching revolution.     那些人到处宣扬革命。
example sentence not found
 He spoke without preamble.     他没有开场白地讲起来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was unable to get down from his precarious position on the rocks.     他无法从岩石危险的位置上下来。
example sentence not found
 You should take an umbrella just as a precaution.     你该带把伞，有备无患。
example sentence not found
 He preceded his speech with a few words of welcome the special guests.     他在演讲之前先说了几句对特邀来宾表示欢迎的话。
 The longest-serving officer always takes precedence.     任职时间最长的官员事事优先.
 This decision creates a dangerous precedent.     这个决定开创了一个危险的先例。
 Institutions of government are established by law or precedent.     行政制度是依据法律兴惯例制定的。
 An introductory performance, event, or action preceding a more important one; a preliminary or preface.     序幕先于较重要部分的介绍性表演，事件或行动；开端或序
 Just follow these few basic precepts and you won't go far wrong in life.     只要按这几条格言行事，你一生就不会出大错。
example sentence not found
 No parking within the hospital precincts.     医院范围内禁止停放车辆.
example sentence not found
 That old book is my most precious possession.     那本旧书是我最珍贵的财产。
 The dealer was slavering over some precious stones.     那商人对一些宝石垂涎欲滴.
 Do not seat your love upon a precipice because it is high.     不要因为峭壁是高的，便让你的爱情坐在峭壁上。
 They acted with precipitate haste.     他们鲁莽仓促地采取了行动。
 The treatment of metal or the separation of metal from ores and ore concentrates by liquid processes, such as leaching, extraction, and precipitation.     水冶金术通过液体过程，象过滤，提炼，沉淀等方法处理金属，从矿石中或矿石浓缩物中分离出金属
 A precipitous path led down the mountainside.     沿着山腰下来有一条陡峭的山路。
 The state or quality of being precise; exactness.     精确精确的状态或性质；准确性
 My own view precisely.     我正是这样看的。
 Your report lacks precision.     你的报告不够准确。
 My present finances preclude the possibility of buying a car.     按我目前的财务状况我是不可能买车的。
 That child is far too precocious.     孩子过于老成。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The act or state of holding unreasonable preconceived judgments or convictions.     偏见提前持有非理智判断或信念的行为或状态
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 British poet considered a precursor of romanticism. His best-known work, The Task(1785), praises rural life and leisure.     科伯，威廉1731－1800英国诗人，被认为是浪漫主义的先锋。他的最杰出的作品任务赞美了农村生活和休闲
example sentence not found
 Cats are warm and affectionate creatures to us, but viewed through the eyes of birds and mice they are vicious predators.     对我们来说，猫是热情又充满深情的动物，但是在鸟儿和老鼠看来，猫是恶毒的食肉动物。
 A person of a rapacious, predatory, or profiteering nature.     贪婪的人具有贪婪、凶残或逐利性格的人
 He undid most of the good work of his predecessor.     他把前任的大部分业绩毁掉了。
example sentence not found
 She was obviously predestined to succeed.     她显然注定了能成功.
example sentence not found
 A loan of money would help me out of my predicament.     只需一笔贷款就能帮我摆脱困境。
 A word or words used after a verb to complete a predicate construction; for example, the phrase to eat ice cream in We like to eat ice cream.     补语跟在一个动词后的一个或几个单词共同组成的谓语结构；例如，在我们喜欢吃冰淇淋一句中的短语吃冰淇淋
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The fortune-teller predicted that I would marry a doctor.     算命先生预言我会同一位医生结婚。
example sentence not found
 I asked the boss for a rise and his reply was predictably short and sweet!     我要求老板增加我的工资，他的回答如预料的一样简单明了！
 We all believed in her prediction.     我们都相信她的预言。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Which country is the predominant member of the alliance?     哪个国家在联盟中居于支配地位？
 Any of various fishes that are predominantly blue, such as the pollack.     蓝色鱼任一种主要为蓝色的鱼类，如青鳕
 Life is made up of sob, sniffle, and smile, with sniffle predominate.     人生是以哭、泣、笑三者构成的，尤以泣为最。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She preened herself upon her beauty.     她为自已的美貌感到自满。
example sentence not found
 The preface of this diary recounted her life.     这本日记的前言叙述了她的生活。
example sentence not found
 Which one do you prefer, an apple or an orange?     你想要哪个，苹果还是橘子？
 He finds country life preferable to that of living in the city.     他感到在乡村生活比在城市更好。
 They want to buy a new house, near the sea preferably.     他们要购买一所新房子, 最好在海边.
 We've granted that country special trade preferences.     我们给了那个国家特殊的贸易优惠。
 China's investment policy provide preferential treatment to foreign investor.     中国的投资政策为外国投资者提供了优惠待遇。
 She had had many proposals (of marriage) but preferred to remain single.     许多人向她求过婚, 但她愿过独身生活.
example sentence not found
 He prefixed a paragraph to the book.     他在书前面加上一段引言。
 This is her first pregnancy.     这是她第一次怀孕。
 She got pregnant and was turned out of the house by her parents.     她怀孕了, 父母把她赶出了家门.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They accused him of having a prejudice against his women employees.     他们指责他歧视女雇员。
 Since I am his mother, my opinion of him is naturally a prejudiced one.     因为我是他的母亲，对他的看法自然是带有偏向的。
example sentence not found
 There are a lot of preliminaries to be gone through before you can visit a foreign country.     在出访外国之前要做好许多准备工作。
example sentence not found
 The bankruptcy of several small firms was the prelude to general economic collapse.     几家小商行倒闭了, 随之而来的是经济大萧条.
example sentence not found
 A fire in the gallery caused the premature closing of the exhibition.     在美术陈列室里发生的火灾迫使展览会提前结束。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The crime was premeditated.     犯罪是预谋好的。
example sentence not found
 The premiers of the two countries met in Geneva yesterday.     两国首相昨天在日内瓦会晤。
 A galaxy of film stars attended the premiere.     一群影星参加了首次公演。
 British justice works on the premise that an accused person is innocent until he's proved guilty.     英国司法运作的前提是被告在被证明有罪之前是清白的。
 Keep off the premises.     请勿入内。
 The examiners put a premium on rational argument.     评委们对以理服人的论据给以高度评价。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His main preoccupation at that time was getting enough to eat.     他那时盘算的是如何填饱肚子.
 Health worries preoccupied him for the whole holiday.     整个假期里他一直为健康状况而担忧.
 He answered me in a rather preoccupied manner.     他心不在焉地回答我.
example sentence not found
 Four years of prep school should polish those children.     四年的预科学习应该让这些孩子变得温文尔雅
 He didn't do any preparation for this exam, so he failed.     他考试前没做任何准备，所以不及格。
 What are your preparatory measures?     你的初步措施是什么？
 Early experiments with military rockets prepared the ground for space travel.     早年对军用火箭进行的实验为发展航天技术奠定了基础。
 I have prepared everything for the trip.     我做好了旅行的所有准备。
 I use a prepaid envelope.     我用了一个邮资已付的信封。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Perhaps the least prepossessing quality of Fox was that he cares too much about the ephemeral in politics: and Ford displays excessive zeal, to my mind, in teasing out these cares to the last twist and turn.     也许福克斯最不逗人喜欢的一点就是他把短促的政治生命看得过于重了。而在我看来，福特在诱使福克斯说出他的这些关心时显得过分热情，手法千奇百怪，使尽了手段。
 The result is preposterous.     结果很可笑。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Good muscles are one of the prerequisites of physical fitness.     肌肉发达是身体健康的一个必备条件.
 A monarch has the prerogative of mercy for criminals.     君主享有对罪犯的赦免权。
 Suddenly he had a presage about the near danger.     他突然对即将到来的危险有了一种预感。
 The church has become a social as well as a religious force in the community, but community life is not broken up into Presbyterian, Methodist, Lutheran, Roman Catholic, and Jewish groups.     在社会上，教会不仅是一种宗教力量，而且也是一种社会力量，但长老会、卫理公会、路德会、罗马天主教会和犹太教会等教派教徒在社会生活中并不各成体系。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What medicine did the doctor prescribe for your illness?     医生开了什么药来治你的病？
 The act of adjusting, arranging, or shifting characters to the left or right to fit a prescribed pattern.     为了适合规定的格式，将字符向左或向右进行调整、排列或移位的动作。
example sentence not found
 The prescription of drugs is a doctor's responsibility.     开药方是医生的职责。
 Since she joined the team last season she has made her presence felt.     自从上个赛季加入这个队以来，她就使人感到她是个举足轻重的队员。
example sentence not found
 He presented her with a bunch of flowers.     他献给她一束花。
example sentence not found
 We went to the premiere of their new presentation.     我们去观看了他们的新剧目的首场演出。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A presentiment of the future; a foreboding.     对未来的不祥预感；预兆
 The doctor will be here presently.     医生一会儿就到。
 The paintings were in an excellent state of preservation.     这些画保存的非常好。
 Salt is a common food preservative.     盐是一种常用的食物防腐剂。
 It's the duty of the police to preserve the public order.     维护公共秩序是警察的职责。
 Preset a microwave oven.     预先调节好微波炉
 The hostess presided at table with tact and urbanity.     女主人招待客人进餐时风雅而又得体。
 She hopes to win the presidency.     她希望争取到总统职位。
 The president is strongly desirous that you should attend the meeting.     董事长极希望你能参加会议。
 That politician won the presidential election campaign and became the President.     那位政治家赢得了总统选举，成为了总统。
 The child pressed her nose against the window.     那小女孩把鼻子贴在窗户上。
 The spokesman was bombarded with questions on the press conference.     新闻发布会上那位发言人遭到了连珠炮般的发问。
 Pressing business kept him in Leeds, so he sent his deputy on to represent him in Edinburgh.     紧急的事务使他留在里兹，所以他派代理人代表他先赶到爱丁堡去。
 It was done under the pressure of the necessity.     这件事是在迫切需要的情况下而做的。
 She was pressurized into agreeing to a merger.     她被迫同意将公司合并.
example sentence not found
 Is, as Mr. Nixon said, our prestige at an all time high?     是否如尼克松先生所说，我们的声望正前所未有的高？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She is aware of the difficulties, presumably?     她对这些困难大概了解吧?
 The law presumes innocence until guilt is proved.     在罪状未证实前，法律假定被告无罪。
 She was infuriated by his presumption in making the travel arrangements without first consulting her.     他事先没有和她商量便作好旅行安排，她对他自作主张很生气。
 Having or showing excessive and arrogant self-confidence; presumptuous.     冒昧的，放肆的拥有或显示过分的或傲慢的自信的；自行其事的
 You have made several unjustified presuppositions.     你作了一些毫无根据的假设.
 Don't listen to his pretences; he is lying.     别听他的种种藉口，他在撒谎。
 The young actor pretended to be Hamlet.     那个年轻演员扮演哈姆雷特。
 The young actor pretended to be Hamlet.     那个年轻演员扮演哈姆雷特。
example sentence not found
 The act of inventing such a creation or pretense.     虚构，捏造虚构作品或捏造借口的行为
 His social pretensions make him appear ridiculous.     他冒充上流社会人士而出尽洋相。
 Striving to be modern in appearance or style but lacking taste or refinement; pretentious.     做作地追求现代的力求具有现代样式或外观但不雅观或缺少品味的；自命不凡的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He came to see me on the pretext of asking my advice.     他以请我指教为借口来看我。
 She smiled prettily as she accepted the flowers.     她在接受鲜花时, 笑得真迷人.
 What a pretty little garden!     多么漂亮的小花园！
 Sadness prevailed in our mind.     我们的心中充满悲痛，
 Being in or conforming to the prevailing or current fashion; stylish.     流行的符合流行的或现时的式样的；时髦的
 I'm shocked at the prevalence of bribery among these officials.     我对这些官员的普遍受贿感到震惊。
 The prevalent opinion is in favour of reform.     一般舆论都支持改革.
example sentence not found
 Instead of admit his guilt, he prevaricate.     他不但不承认，反而支吾其词。
 These regulations are intended to prevent accidents.     这些规章制度旨在防止事故发生。
 They have begun to do the prevention of crime.     他们已经开始防止犯罪行为。
 We had to take preventive measures.     我们不得不采取预防措施。
 After a sneak preview of the film they decided to shelve it.     该影片在试映后，他们决定把它搁置起来。
 Have you had previous career experience?     你过去有过工作经验吗？
example sentence not found
 The star of the film is a previously unknown actor.     这部电影里的明星以前是个默默无闻的演员.
example sentence not found
 The lion seized its prey and ate it.     狮子抓住猎物，把它吃了。
 What is the price of the suit?     这套西装多少钱？
 A maniac had gouged several holes in the priceless painting.     有个狂徒在那幅价值连城的画上乱凿了几个洞.
 Houses are pricey in this area of the city.     城里这个地区的住房价格很高。
 The new law allows firms a lot less latitude than before in fixing the price of their goods.     新法律在允许各商行给产品定价的自由上比以前少得多了。
 He felt a sharp prick when he stepped on a upturned nail.     他一脚踩在一枚尖头朝上的钉子上，感到一阵剧痛。
 My scalp began to prickle as I realized the horrible truth.     我了解到了那令人恐惧的事实, 顿时感到不寒而栗.
 The child's rubber ball punctured when it fell on a prickly bush.     那小孩的皮球落在带刺的树丛上时被戳破了。
 I think you hurt his pride by laughing at the way he speaks English.     我觉得你嘲笑他说英语的方式刺伤了他的自尊心。
 The priest is a regular caller.     这位神父经常来访。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Prim and sedate.     严肃沉闷的
example sentence not found
 Most linguists would say they were concerned primarily with the structure of languages.     大多数语言学家都会说，他们主要研究各种语言的结构。
 The disease is still in its primary stage.     这疾病仍然在初发阶段。
example sentence not found
 Sure. We are friends since primary school.     当然，我们从小学就是朋友了。
 The human being is a primate.     人类是灵长类动物
example sentence not found
 What was said was of prime importance.     说过的那件事是很重要的。
 The Prime Minister was dethroned by the President.     总理被总统废黜了。
 Children learn knowledge from primers.     孩子们从启蒙书上学习知识。
 Being first in time; original; primeval.     最初的，原始的；远古的
 Small seashells were often used as a primitive kind of money.     小贝壳常被用作简单的货币。
example sentence not found
 Life's primordial reality is spirit.     生命的根本真实性是精神。
example sentence not found
 Oil of evening primrose is used as a herbal medicine.     月见草油可用作草药.
 The prince lived in a large and beautiful castle.     王子住在一个美丽的大城堡里。
 That's a princely state.     那是一个国王统治的国家。
 She performs the duties of a princess with great aplomb.     她泰然自若地履行王妃的职责.
example sentence not found
 The agent spoke on behalf of his principal.     代理人代表他的委托人说话。
 A woman who is ruler of a principality.     女王，女诸侯统治公国（或封邑）的妇女
 The money is invested principally in government stock.     这笔钱主要投资于政府公债上。
 The system works on the principle that heat rises.     该项装置是按照热力上升的原理运转的。
 I can't read small print without my glasses.     我不戴眼镜看不清小字体。
example sentence not found
 The article is too badly written to be printable.     这篇文章写得很糟糕, 不宜发表.
 Spaces or a space, as in printed matter.     字距空隙或空白，如印刷品中
 Do you have enough money to buy a new printer?     你有足够的钱买一台新的打印机吗？
 The firm specializes in printing advertisements.     这家公司专印广告.
example sentence not found
 A printout of a program or data set.     清单打印出的程序或数据组
 I was unable to attend the meeting because of a prior engagement.     我因有约在先，所以未能参加这个会。
 The interest deducted prior to purchasing, selling, or lending a commercial paper; the discount rate.     贴现率在购买、出售或贷款的商业票据前削减利息；贴现率
 Rebuilding the area is a (top) priority.     重建这一地区是当务之急.
example sentence not found
 A prism decomposes light.     棱镜可以分解光线。
 The thief was put into prison for one year.     小偷被监禁一年。
 We are all prisoners of our past.     我们都摆脱不了往事的羁绊。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In this place privacy is impossible.     在这种地方保密是不可能的。
 It's illegal to read people's private letters without permission.     未经允许看别人的私人信件是不合法的。
 Conservativegovernments in Britain favour private enterprise rather than nationalization.     英国的保守党政府赞成私人经营而反对国有化.
 Entered the children in private school; entered dahlias in a flower show.     使孩子入私立学校；使大丽花参加一个花卉展览
 Rochester quiets the household's alarm but asks Jane privately to help nurse Mr. Mason who is bleeding and unconscious.     庄园里的人惊慌失措，罗切斯特使他们镇静下来。但他私下里要求简・爱帮助照料正在流血、失去知觉的梅森先生。
 She didn'tfind the lack of a car any great privation.     她觉得没有汽车并非重大缺憾.
 She had led a life of luxury and privilege.     她过著养尊处优的生活。
 On an occasion such as this (ie as important as this) we are privileged to welcome...     在这样重要的场合, 我们有幸能欢迎...
 A latrine; a privy.     厕所旧式厕所；茅坑
 The boy's bicycle was his most prized possession.     这个男孩子把自行车看作是他最宝贵的财产。
example sentence not found
 Much has been written on the subject pro and con.     对那问题已有很多赞成和反对的文章。
 It was merely a pro forma meeting; the real business had already been discussed.     这只是形式上的会议，真正的议题早已讨论过了。
example sentence not found
 The probability of a peace agreement being reached is zero.     达成和平协定的概率是零。
example sentence not found
 The probable outcome of the talks is a compromise.     会谈的结果很可能是妥协。
 He's late he's probably stuck in a traffic jam.     他迟到了－－很可能是由於交通阻塞耽误了。
 The status of a person on probation.     察看在服缓刑（或在受察看）的状况
 The journalist was probing into several financial scandals.     那记者正在调查几起财务丑闻。
 He was asking probing questions.     他提出了一些盘根究底的问题。
example sentence not found
 That's not a problem.     那没问题。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A police procedural.     警方程序上的
 What's the procedure for opening a bank account?     在银行开办帐户要办什么手续？
 He paused to consult his notes, and then proceeded with his questions.     他停下来看了看笔记，然后继续提问。
 The entire course of a judicial proceeding.     诉讼程序司法程序的全过程
 The proceedings were interrupted by the fire alarm.     会议的进程被火灾警报打断了.
 Most people sell their souls and live with a good conscience on the proceeds.     大多数的人在出卖了自己的灵魂之后，就凭那收入过其心安理得的日子。
 It may take a few weeks for your application to be processed.     审查你的申请书也许要等几个星期。
 A data processing operation in which input items or fields are distributed or duplicated in more than one output item or field.     一种数据处理操作，其中输入项或字段被分发或复制给多个输出项或字段。
 There was a bomb scare during the procession.     在列队行进时因怀疑有炸弹而引起恐慌.
 Put the food processor together.     把食品处理器组装起来
 The act of proclaiming or the condition of being proclaimed.     公布，宣布公布的行为或被公布的状况
 An official or authoritarian declaration; a proclamation or an edict.     宣言，公告官方或权威性的宣布；公告或法令
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The book is out of print and difficult to procure.     那书已绝版, 很难弄到手.
example sentence not found
 I shall have to prod him to pay me what he owes.     我将不得不催促他把欠我的钱还给我。
 Those prodigals were put into prison.     那些挥霍者被关进监狱。
 That boxer is a prodigious feed.     那个拳击家是个大肚汉。
 Something amazing or marvelous; a prodigy.     异常的人或事；奇异的事
 Female sheep produce one or two lambs at a time.     母羊一次生一到两只羊羔。
 The radios producers could not find a market for them.     这些收音机制造厂的产品打不开销路。
 We decided to advertise our new product.     我们决定为我们的新产品做广告。
 The system will have to be tested before it goes into production.     这套装置必须经过试验之后才能投产。
 She was elected a productive worker.     她被选为劳动能手。
example sentence not found
 The new system has had a disastrous effect on productivity.     新制度已对生产力造成了灾难性的影响。
 The soldiers profaned the church.     士兵们玷污了教堂。
example sentence not found
 He professed to know nothing about the matter.     他声称对此事一无所知。
 He is a doctor by profession.     他的职业是医生。
 That doctor has been accused of professional misconduct.     那位医生被指控违反医德。
 Her voice should be professionally trained.     她在运嗓上应接受专业训练。
 Professor Green, lately of Princeton, is now head of the department at California.     格林教授不久前在普林斯顿任教，现在是加州大学的系主任。
 I gave her a proffer of help.     我给了她一个援助性的建议。
example sentence not found
 After reading this book, you will be proficient in writing.     读完这本书, 你会精于写作。
example sentence not found
 The huge trees were profiled against the night sky.     在夜空的映衬下显出大树的轮廓。
example sentence not found
 You can profit by my mistakes and avoid them yourself.     你可以从我的错误中得到教训，避免犯同样错误。
 A legal contract entered into by two or more persons in which each agrees to furnish a part of the capital and labor for a business enterprise, and by which each shares a fixed proportion of profits and losses.     合伙契约两个人或多个人签订的法律契约，每个人都同意为一个商业实体出一部分资金和劳力，从而每个人都可分享固定比例的一部分利润和承担固定比例的一部分损失
 Pilferage in the warehouse reduces profitability by about two per cent.     仓库中的失窃使利润损失了百分之二.
 Producing results; profitable.     产生结果的；有益的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Strange creatures live in the profound depths of the ocean.     大洋深处生活着奇异的生物。
 The news moved her profoundly. She immediately asked to go to the front.     这消息使她深受感动，她立即要求到前线去。
 He impress his audience by the profundity of his knowledge.     他知识渊博给听众留下了深刻的印象。
 He made profuse apologies.     他再三道歉。
 The weeds grew in wanton profusion.     遍地野草丛生.
 It is said that our progenitors are monkeys.     据说我们的祖先是猴子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There is an interesting program on television tonight.     今天晚上的电视有一个有趣的节目。
example sentence not found
 The Board of Education accounts for about a fourth of the city's budget. For1989, Mr.Koch proposed to spend$123 million on new and expanded programs, bringing the board's total budget to$6.3 billion.     教育局约占全市预算的四分之一。葛德华先生提出将在1989年度花费1亿2300万元在新添及扩大的项目，使该局全部预算达到63亿元。
 A programmable read-only memory that can be erased by exposure to ultraviolet light and then reprogrammed.     可擦写编程的只读存储器可编程只读存储器，可经紫外线照射后去掉原程序后再编程
 What's the programme for tomorrow?     明天有什么节目？
 The designing, scheduling, or planning of a program.     程式编制，节目安排对节目和程序的设计、安排或计划
 The programmer come up with a solution to the system problem.     程序员想出了一个解决系统问题的办法。
 A computer programming language widely used on microcomputers.     C语言广泛用于小型电脑的计算机程式设计语言
 The student is showing rapid progress in his studies.     这个学生学习上进步很快。
 Designating a cadence or chord progression from the dominant to the tonic at the end of a phrase or piece of music.     完全终止的在乐章或乐曲结尾指出由第五音到主音的和声或和弦的
 She is the most progressive writer of the time.     她是那个时代最进步的作家。
 Moment by moment; progressively.     时时刻刻地；不停地
 Rainy weather and fog prohibited flying.     雨天和大雾妨碍了飞行。
 Prohibition was laid on the export of coal.     禁止煤炭输出。
 The cost of travel to the far east is prohibitive.     到远东旅游的费用高的令人不敢问津。
 Their project to establish a new national park will be completed next year.     他们建造一个新的国家公园的工程将于明年完工。
 Such a projectile in a metal casing; a cartridge.     弹药（筒）装在金属盒中的射弹。弹药
 Relating to or made by projection.     投影的由投影制作的或与其有关的
 The film flew off the spool and wound itself round the projector.     电影胶片从卷轴滑出缠绕在放映机上了.
 Proletarian revolutionaries always cleave to Marxist-Leninist principles.     无产阶级革命者永远忠于马列主义的原则。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Last year was a prolific period in the composer's life.     去年是作曲家一生中创作丰收的时期。
example sentence not found
 The signing of the agreement was a prologue to better relations between the two countries.     签定这一协议是两国关系加强的序幕。
 How can we endeavor to prolong the brevity of human life?     我们怎样才能延长短促的人生？
 The crowd burst into prolonged cheering.     人群中爆发出长时间的欢呼声。
 The junior class; the junior prom.     三年级生的班级；大学三年级生举办的舞会
 She promenaded the children along the sea front after lunch.     她午饭後领著孩子们沿著海滨区散步。
 A Titan who was the father of Prometheus and Atlas and an ancestor of the human race.     伊阿珀托斯一个提坦巨人，是普罗米修斯和阿特拉斯的父亲，而且是人类的祖先
example sentence not found
 The house is in a prominent position on the village green.     这间屋子在村子的中心草地上，处于引人注目的位置。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A promiscuous man; a philanderer.     好色者好色的男人；玩弄女性的男人
 The new sales policy promises well.     新的销售办法可望取得良好效果。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Many voters know that the promises of different parties before an election are all just pie in the sky.     许多选民都知道各党派在选举前的承诺只不过是空头支票，不会兑现的。
 The coach is bringing on some promising youngsters in the reserve team.     教练正在帮助後备队中有前途的年轻人提高技术.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The young army officer was promoted to the rank of captain.     这个年轻军官被提升为上尉。
example sentence not found
 This year's sales promotions haven't been very successful.     今年的推销活动不是很成功。
 Hyped the new book by sending its author on a promotional tour.     通过让书的作者做促销之旅而为新书大做广告
 She's always prompt to criticize other people's ideas.     她对别人想出的主意总是迫不及待地批评。
 The act of prompting or giving a cue.     提醒，暗示提醒或给予暗示的行为
 The meeting will finish promptly I don't want it to run on.     会议要按时结束－－不要拖延下去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 People are more prone to make mistakes when they are tired.     人们疲劳时更容易出差错。
 That is a demonstrative pronoun.     that是一个指示代词。
 The court pronounced against my claim to the land.     法庭宣判不承认我对这片土地的权益。
 Pronounced with the tongue in a middle position, neither high nor low, as the a in around.     中性音的发音时舌头位于中间位置的，即不高也不低，如：around中的a音
example sentence not found
 Your faults of pronunciation can be remedied.     你的发音毛病是可以纠正的。
 Have you got any proof that you own this bike?     你有什么证据证明这辆自行车是你的？
 I have proofread twenty pages.     我已经校对完二十页了。
example sentence not found
 The invalid lay propped on the pillows.     那病弱者倚靠在枕头上。
 Art may be used as a vehicle for propaganda.     艺术可用作宣传工具.
example sentence not found
 They started a newspaper to propagate their ideas.     他们办了一份报纸来宣传他们的主张。
 The systematic propagation of a doctrine or cause or of information reflecting the views and interests of those people advocating such a doctrine or cause.     宣传活动对一个学说、事业或信息的系统宣传，其反映倡导该学说或该事业的人的观点和利益
example sentence not found
 We are propelled to go forward.     我们被推着向前走。
example sentence not found
 The distance that a propeller would travel in an ideal medium during one complete revolution, measured parallel to the shaft of the propeller.     推进器转一圈的距离飞机螺旋桨旋转一次的前移距离，以其与螺旋桨相平行的距离衡量
 A disposition to feel, do, or say; a propensity.     意向感觉、做或说的意向；倾向
 His mother has trained him to be a very proper young man.     他的母亲已经把他训练成循规蹈矩的人。
 That is not, properly speaking, a dictionary but a grammar book.     严格地说，那不是一本字典，而是一本语法书。
 Many plants have medicinal properties.     许多植物具有医药性能。
 The god of prophecy, music, medicine, and poetry, sometimes identified with the sun.     阿波罗司预言、音乐、医药、诗歌之神，有时等同于太阳神
 He prophesied of strange things to come.     他预言将有怪事发生。
 Daughter of the Islamic prophet Mohammed. She married Ali, among the first to embrace Islam, and is considered by Moslems to be one of the Four Perfect Women.     法蒂玛伊斯兰先知穆罕默德的女儿。她嫁给了首批皈依伊斯兰教的阿里，被穆斯林认为是四个完美女人之一
 Prophetic significance or meaning.     预示预言性的意义或意思
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The circumstances were not propitious for further expansion of the company.     这些情况不利于公司的进一步发展。
 One who originates or is the chief proponent of a heresy or heretical movement.     异端创始或领导人异端邪说或运动的发起者或主要倡导者
 We are trying to reduce the problem to manageable proportions.     我们正努力把问题缩小到可以控制的范围内。
 Pertaining to a device that operates in a proportional or continuous manner, such as an analog amplifier. Not discrete or digital, but analog.     用于修饰或说明一种设备（工作特性）的术语，这种设备以成比例或连续方式进行工作，例如用于说明模拟放大器的工作特性不是离散的或数字的，而是模拟的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Some members of the committee expressed reservations about the proposal.     委员会一些成员对这项提议持保留态度。
 He proposed that a change should be made.     他建议做一些改变。
 The Board of Education accounts for about a fourth of the city's budget. For1989, Mr.Koch proposed to spend$123 million on new and expanded programs, bringing the board's total budget to$6.3 billion.     教育局约占全市预算的四分之一。葛德华先生提出将在1989年度花费1亿2300万元在新添及扩大的项目，使该局全部预算达到63亿元。
 She was propositioned by her boss.     她的老板向她提出非分的要求。
example sentence not found
 A proprietary hospital.     一家私人医院
 The right of a proprietor to ownership of such addition or increase.     财产自然增益权物主拥有这些增加价值的权力
example sentence not found
 We should observe the proprieties.     我们应该遵守礼节。
 A part or surface, such as a wing, propeller blade, or rudder, whose shape and orientation control stability, direction, lift, thrust, or propulsion.     翼剖面；机翼；翼面一个部件或平面，如机翼、螺旋桨叶、方向舵等，其形状或方位控制稳定性、方向、抬升、冲击或驱动
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The office seems so dull and prosaic after Pine Ridge.     从松岭回来后，办公室似乎变得枯燥无味了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I've got two French proses to do.     我有两篇法文翻译练习要做。
 Trespassers will be prosecuted.     闲人免进，违者必究。
 They can't be prosecuted for this offence - they have diplomatic immunity.     他们不会因这次违法行为而受到检控 - 他们享有外交豁免权。
 The prosecution based their case on the evidence of two witnesses.     原告方面以两名证人所提供的证据提起诉讼。
 The incompatible offices of prosecutor and judge.     检察官和法官的职位不能由一个人兼任
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A rich harvest is in prospect.     丰收在望。
 This experience opened a new prospect in his mind.     这一经验为他的思想开阔了新的视野。
 She is his prospective mother-in-law.     她是他未来的岳母。
 The farmer out his claim to all the land before the prospectors came, but it was in vain.     这位农场主在探矿者到来之前立桩标明他对所有这些土地的所有权，但这是徒劳。
 The new job is not a promotion as such but it brings good prospects for the future.     这一新的工作, 严格说来并不算提升, 不过以後很有发展前途.
example sentence not found
 Is your son prospering?     你儿子凡事顺遂吗？
 The promise of prosperity in the United States encouraged many people to immigrate(that is, move to the United States).     兴旺发达的前景吸引了众多的移民到美国（也就是指，迁入了美国）
 The city at one time must have been prosperous, for It enjoyed a high level of civilization.     这座古城在一个时期准是很繁荣的，因为它曾享有高度文明。
 Inflammation of the prostate gland.     前列腺炎前列腺的炎症
 One, especially a robber or prostitute, who walks the streets at night.     夜间游荡的人夜间在街上游荡的人，尤指拦路抢劫者或妓女
 Prostitution is on the increase in the city.     城里卖淫活动越来越多.
 She was prostrate with grief.     她因悲痛而一蹶不振。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 These rare tigers are protected by special laws.     这些珍贵的老虎受到专门法律的保护。
 These rare tigers are protected by special laws.     这些珍贵的老虎受到专门法律的保护。
 The ships required the protection of naval and air power.     船只本身需要海军和空军的保护。
example sentence not found
 A mother naturally feels protective towards her children.     母亲对自己的孩子自然会悉心保护。
 One that serves as a guardian or protector.     守护人的，保护者作为守护人或保护者的人
example sentence not found
 Pulses are a good source of protein for vegetarians.     对於素食者来说, 豆类食物是蛋白质的理想来源.
 They protested to the mayor that the taxes were too high.     他们向市长提出抗议说税款过高。
 The Protestant denominations include the Methodists, the Presbyterians and the Baptists.     新教派别包括卫理公会派、 长老会派、 浸礼派.
example sentence not found
 Select the protocol tab and un-check all protocol except modem.     选择Protocolstab，不要选取所有的协议，除Modem之外。
 A proton or a neutron, especially as part of an atomic nucleus.     核子质子或中心，尤指作为原子核的一个组成部分
 The living material of a plant or bacterial cell, including the protoplasm and plasma membrane after the cell wall has been removed.     原生质体植物细胞或细菌细胞的有生命的部分，包括原生质和去掉细胞壁后的质膜
 An early form; a prototype.     原形早期的形式；原形
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Tending to protrude; protruding.     突出的趋于伸出的；伸出的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A rounded protuberance formed by the bones in a joint.     （屈指时）指节膨出部关节中由骨头形成的圆形突出物
example sentence not found
 They are poor but proud; they never borrow money or ask for help.     他们虽穷但很自重，他们从不向人借钱或求助。
 He proudly pointed out the biggest sheep, which already weighed50 kilograms.     他骄傲地把最大的一只羊指给我们看，它已经有50公斤重了。
 The old methods proved best after all.     采用老方法结果反而是某事物最好。
 Repeatedly proven wrong, he finally changed his outlook and recognized the noble qualities of his wife.     事实一再证明他错了，他最后改变看法，认识了他爱人的高尚品质。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The proverb tells us to emulate the industry of the ant.     这格言告诉我们要效法蚂蚁的勤勉。
 He is the proverbial square peg in a round hole.     他正是谚语中所说的那种方枘圆凿不得其所的人。
 These books will provide us with all the information we need.     这本书将为我们提供所需要的全部信息。
 I will come provided that I am well enough.     只要我身体好一定来。
 It seemed like providence that they had survived the plane crash.     他们幸免于空难似乎是天意。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An allowance for support made under court order to a divorced person by the former spouse, usually the chief provider during the marriage. Alimony may also be granted without a divorce, as between legally separated persons.     赡养费按照法庭判决离婚后的原配偶－－通常为夫妻中收入较多的一方给另一方的供养补助。赡养费亦可付给并未离婚的双方中的一方，如在合法分居时
 They befriended the young girl, providing her with food and shelter.     他们热心照顾这个年轻的姑娘，给她吃的，给她住处。
 They supported Japan's take over of all the former German interests in Shandong Province.     他们支持日本接管德国以前在山东省的所有权益。
 The man displayed provincial attitudes towards the theatre.     这个人显示出对戏剧界的守旧态度。
 He wants to escape from the provincialism of the small university where he teach.     他所执教是一所规模很小的大学，他想摆脱存在於其中的地方主义桎梏。
 They are making provision for their children's education.     他们正为孩子的教育做准备。
 A copy of the provisional agenda in enclosed for your information.     随信寄上一份暂定议事的日程安排供参考。
 Both sides should act according to the provisions of the agreement.     双方都应按协议条款办事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A provocation to action; a stimulus.     激励，刺激某种行动的刺激；激励
example sentence not found
 Such a questionable assertion is sure to provoke criticism.     这种有问题的主张肯定会招致非议。
 The act of provoking or inciting.     激怒挑衅或煽动的行动
 A carved figure on the prow of a ship.     船头雕饰在船头的雕刻图象
 Simon's always talking big about his prowess on the golf course.     西蒙总是吹嘘自己在高尔夫球场上的杰出才能。
 I saw someone prowling around among the trees.     我见有人在树林里鬼鬼祟祟地走动。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Don't be such a prude you can carry modesty too far!     别那麽拘谨－－你谦虚得太过分了。
 Arising from or characterized by prudence.     审慎的由于谨慎的，或以谨慎为特征的
 We should be modest and prudent.     我们应该谦虚谨慎。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The state or quality of being prudish.     过分拘谨过分拘谨的状态或品质
 The teacher pruned the student's article of its superfluities.     老师删去这个学生文章中的多余内容。
 She scratched herself badly while pruning the roses.     她修剪玫瑰花时把自己划伤了一大片.
example sentence not found
 Something, such as language or printed matter, considered obscene, prurient, or immoral.     猥亵的东西被认为猥亵的、荒淫的或淫荡的东西，例如语言或印刷物
 A historical region and former duchy of north-central Germany around which the kingdom of Prussia developed. The region is now divided between Poland and Germany.     勃兰登堡历史上的宗教领地和原公爵领地，位于德国中北部，普鲁士王国在其周围发展起来。该地区现被波兰和德国分占
 The Prussians are drilling in the meadow behind the sawmill.     普鲁士士兵在锯木厂后边草地上操练。
 They tried to use an iron bar to pry open the lock.     他们试图用一根铁棒撬开锁。
example sentence not found
 A hymn or psalm sung when the ministers enter at the opening of a service, especially in the Anglican Church.     圣餐礼开始时唱的赞美诗牧师开始宗教仪式时，特别是在英国圣公会教堂中唱的圣歌或赞美诗
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She writes under a pseudonym.     她用笔名发表作品.
example sentence not found
 In psychoanalysis, the division of the psyche that is conscious, most immediately controls thought and behavior, and is most in touch with external reality.     自我在精神分析学中指有意识的最直接地控制思想和行为，与外部世界联系也最多的那部分自我
 The subculture associated with psychedelic drugs.     迷幻世界与迷幻药有关的亚文化
 The method of psychiatric therapy originated by Sigmund Freud in which free association, dream interpretation, and analysis of resistance and transference are used to explore repressed or unconscious impulses, anxieties, and internal conflicts.     心理分析由西格蒙德・弗洛伊德创立的一套精神治疗的方法，用自由联系、对梦的阐释和对抵抗和移情的分析来研究被压抑或无意识的冲动、焦虑和内心冲突
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A period of life characterized by physiological and psychic change that marks the end of the reproductive capacity of women and terminates with the completion of menopause.     绝经期，更年期生命的一个阶段，特征是标志妇女生殖能力终结及以停经完成为结束的生理、心理变化
example sentence not found
 In psychoanalysis, the conscious.     觉察力在精神分析中所指的觉察力
example sentence not found
 Inhibition of natural impulses may cause psychological problems.     压抑自然的冲动可能会引起心理上的问题。
 Relating to or being a method of childbirth in which the expectant mother is prepared psychologically and physically to give birth without the use of drugs.     心理助产法的与一种生孩子方法有关的或这种方法的，在该法中怀孕的母亲不借助麻醉药而是在心理和身体上作充分的准备
 The psychologist always assign work to each researcher.     这位心理学家总是将工作分派给每个研究员。
 We need some male subjects for a psychology experiment.     我们需要几个男子作心理学实验对象.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Is the word `psychosis' part of your idiolect?     在你的个人言语中使用psychosis这个词吗?
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The psychotherapy is carried out in small interactive groups.     这种心理治疗是在一起活动的小组之间进行的.
 A psychotic disorder characterized by delusions of persecution or grandeur, often strenuously defended with apparent logic and reason.     妄想狂，偏执狂一种通常用表面的逻辑和道理来设想的具烦扰或夸大妄想特征的精神错乱症
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They were chucked out of the pub for being too rowdy.     他们因为太吵闹被撵出酒馆.
 Reaching or having reached puberty.     快到或已经到青春期的
example sentence not found
 The town gardens are open to the public from sunrise to the sunset daily.     市立公园每天从早到晚对公众开放。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Public interest centres on the outcome of next week's by-election.     公众的注意力集中在下周的补选结果上。
 Public opinion is against him.     舆论对他不利。
example sentence not found
 A public relation firm handle all our publicity.     一家公共关系公司负责处理我们的全部广告宣传工作。
 One solution to the problem of religious instruction that many public schools have adopted is a system of released time for religious instruction.     许多公立学校所采取的一项解决宗教教育问题的办法是为宗教教育腾出一定的时间。
example sentence not found
 The library gets the usual monthly publications.     这家图书馆订的是那些常见的月刊。
example sentence not found
 The newspaper gave much publicity to the concert.     报纸对这次音乐会进行了充分报道。
example sentence not found
 After the defeat two generals were publicly disgraced.     那两位将军吃了败仗之後, 在公众心目中威望扫地.
 Her book was published last year.     她的书去年发表了。
 Several publishers are competing in the same market.     几家出版公司正在同一市场上进行竞争。
 The government has sought an injunction preventing the paper from publishing the story.     政府已经申请禁令，禁止该报发表此事。
 In such a position as to be able to play or receive a ball or puck legally.     非越位的处于这种位置，以便在不违反规则的条件下踢球或接同伴的传球
 The dress fitted badly and puckered at the waist.     这件连衣裙不合身，腰部很皱。
example sentence not found
 The pudding was made with evaporated milk.     这布丁是用淡炼乳做的.
 He stepped lightly over the puddle.     他敏捷地跨过泥水坑。
 A Pueblo people located north-northeast of Santa Fe, New Mexico.     陶斯人一支居住于美国新墨西哥州圣大菲城东北偏北的普埃布洛印地安人中的成员
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His speech was just puff.     他的发言尽是吹捧而已。
 There was a puff of steam from the engine before it stopped.     机车喷出一股蒸气後就停了下来.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It makes me want to puke (ie It disgusts me)!     这真让人恶心（使我感到厌恶）!
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Some advertisements have no pull at all.     有些广告毫无吸引力。
example sentence not found
 A rope passed through an overhead pulley, as at the top of a mast, that is used for hoisting.     吊绳用于提升事物的穿过高架滑轮的绳索，如在杆的顶端
 The pullover stretched (ie out of shape) after I had worn it a few times.     这件套头毛衣我穿了几次之後就撑大了（变形了）.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 These vegetables have been boiling too long; they're cooked to a pulp.     这些蔬菜煮的时间太长了，都煮成糊了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The excitement quickened my pulse.     激动使我的心跳加快。
example sentence not found
 The search proved difficult, for the puma was often observed at one place in the morning and at another place twenty miles away in the evening.     搜捕工作证明是很困难的，因为人们看到的这只美洲狮常常是早上在一个地方，而晚上又在二十英里之外的另一个地方。
 The child pummels his mother angrily as she carries him home.     那孩子因其母带他回家而生气地捶打著母亲。
 It's hard work to pump facts into unwilling students.     向不自觉的学生灌输知识并非易事。
example sentence not found
 A lantern made from a hollowed pumpkin with a carved face, usually displayed on Halloween.     杰克灯，南瓜灯把南瓜挖空并雕成人面形状，通常在万圣节出现
 The slogan was a pun on the name of the product.     那广告用语与其产品名称一语双关.
 The conductor punched his bus ticket.     售票员用剪票夹在他的汽车票上打孔。
example sentence not found
 They cut holes on the sheet of metal with a punch press.     他们用冲床在金属板上打孔。
example sentence not found
 We cannot guarantee the punctual arrival of trains in fogy weather.     雾天我们不能保证火车准时到达。
 How's that for punctuality?     你对遵守时间有什麽看法？
 Thank heavens the ship was late leaving! Had it left punctually, we should have missed it.     谢天谢地，船开晚了！要是准时开，我们就搭不上了。
 The announcement was punctuated by cheers from the crowd.     在宣布过程中, 群众的欢呼声此起彼伏.
 Our teacher is very fussy about punctuation.     我们的老师对标点符号非常重视.
example sentence not found
 I had a narrow shave yesterday when I had a puncture on the motorway, but fortunately I was able to keep the car in control until I could pull over and stop.     昨天在公路上行驶时，我的车轮胎被戳破了，我真是死里逃生，幸好我能控制住车直到停下。
 A political pundit.     政治评论家
example sentence not found
 Sharp or pungent to the smell.     浓烈的气味辛辣或浓烈的
 Their teacher punished them for their rudeness.     老师因为他们态度粗鲁而责罚他们。
 The punishment inflicted on them was too mild.     他们受的惩罚太轻。
 Exacting retribution; punitive.     复仇性的；制裁性的
 I just can't relate to (ie appreciate) punk music.     我对蓬克摇滚音乐简直一窍不通.
 They punted along the river.     他们撑著方头平底船沿河航行.
 They laughed at my puny efforts at rock-climbing.     他们取笑我在攀岩活动中的那可怜劲儿。
 You've been sold a pup -- that house is nearly falling down!     你上当了--那所房子都要塌了!
 Enclosed in an oval, horny case. Used of an insect pupa.     壳内的封闭在椭圆形角质壳内的。用于一虫蛹
 The painting is the work of a pupil of Rembrandt.     这幅画是伦勃朗的一位弟子的作品。
 The revolutionist planned to overturn this puppet regime.     革命者计划推翻傀儡政府。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The puppy was fawning on its master.     小狗朝着主人摇尾乞怜。
example sentence not found
 Steel plate purchasable if so purchase price and delivery time expect?     能否购得钢板？若可能，约何时发货，价格如何？
 She made several purchases in the dress shop.     她在服装店里买了几样东西。
 The shares of the firm will be owned by many purchasers.     那家公司的股票由购买者所有。
 She is a pure girl.     她是一个纯洁的女孩。
example sentence not found
 She fed the baby on pureed carrots.     她用胡萝卜泥喂养那婴儿.
 His conclusions are purely speculative.     他的结论完全是推测而来的。
example sentence not found
 Causing evacuation, especially of the bowels; purgative.     排泄的，排除的引起腹泻，尤指肠泻的；净肠的
 The threat of a neglected cold is for doctor what the threat of purgatory is for priest- a gold mine.     被忽视的感冒所构成的威胁对医生来说，正如地狱所构成的威胁之对牧师――都是一座金矿。
 A dose of this stuff will purge you!     这种药只须一剂就能让你通便!
 Reading a good book may bring purification to souls.     读一本好书可以带来心灵的净化。
 The act or an instance of cleansing or purifying.     净化洗涤或净化的行为或情况
 As a Puritan, he is strict in moral and religion.     作为清教徒，他的道德和宗教观念都很严格。
example sentence not found
 It's a soprano of great compass and of great purity.     这是一种音域宽广，高度纯正的女高音。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was born to the purple.     他出身皇族。
 The purport of what he said is that he is right.     他说话的涵义是说他是对的。
 She seems to do these things on purpose.     她似乎是有意地做这些事。
 Purposeful or industrious activity; enterprise.     企图，进取心有目的的、勤勉刻苦的行动；进取心
example sentence not found
 I heard a car engine purring smoothly.     我听到一辆汽车发动机发出平稳的轰隆声。
 The loss of her purse caused her much inconvenience.     丢失钱包给她带来了诸多不便。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The government is pursuing a policy of non-intervention.     政府正奉行不干预政策。
 I know she has many pursuers.     我知道她的追求者很多。
 What's your favorite pursuit?     你的爱好是什么？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A purveyor of lies.     谎言的传播者
example sentence not found
 Discharge or waste, such as pus or feces, from a living organism.     排出物从生命体排生物或废物，如脓、屎、尿等
 You may stop the machine by pushing this button.     你按下这个按钮就可以关机。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She's a sly puss.     她是个刁滑的姑娘.
example sentence not found
 He put some more wood on the fire.     他在火里加了一些柴。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I am merely putt forward toe opinion(that) we shall dine out to save time.     我刚才只是主张应该外出就餐，以节省时间。
example sentence not found
 He stood there watching with puzzled despair.     他束手无策地站在那儿看着。
 She listened with a puzzled expression on her face.     她脸上带著困惑的表情在倾听著。
 Suggesting puzzlement; questioning.     疑惑的表示困惑的；有疑问的
 The teacher's explanation clarify the puzzling problem.     老师的说明澄清了困扰的问题。
example sentence not found
 Put on the electric fire and warm your pyjamas before putting them on.     把电炉打开，在穿睡衣睡裤之前把它们先烤热。
 Pyjamas made from flammable material have been removed from most shop.     大部分商店都不再出售用易燃材料做的睡衣了。
example sentence not found
 A pyramid of stones marked the spot.     那地点用一堆堆成金字塔形状的石头作了标记。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 By that time they should have fetched up in Qingdao.     到那时候他们应该已经抵达青岛了。
 A quack cure.     庸医般的治疗
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A joint, as of a bird or quadruped, corresponding to the human elbow.     关节，肘部鸟或四肢动物的关节，相当于人的肘
example sentence not found
 He is quaffing his beer by the pint.     他论品脱地大喝啤酒。
example sentence not found
 A group of animals or birds, especially larks or quail.     一群动物，一群鸟一群动物或鸟，尤指云雀或鹌鹑
 Quaint dialect words.     古怪的方言单词
example sentence not found
 The ground quaked under his feet.     大地在他的脚下震动。
 The twelve presidents who held office from1890 to1963 represented religious denominations as follows: two Methodists, two Presbyterians, two Baptists, one Unitarian, one Dutch Reformed, one Congregationalist, one Quaker, one Episcopalian, and one Roman Catholic.     从1890年到1963年任职的十二位总统所属的教派如下：两位卫理公会教徒，两位长老会教徒，两位浸礼会教徒，一位唯一神派教徒，一位荷兰新教徒，一位公理会教徒，一位公谊会教徒，一位圣公会教徒，一位罗马天主教徒。
 What sort of qualifications do you need for the job?     做这项工作需要什么资格？
 He's got all the right qualifications but is temperamentally unsuitable.     他具备一切合格的条件，惟独性情不适合。
 There is only one man qualified for the job.     仅有一个人能胜任这个工作。
example sentence not found
 Your passport qualifies you to receive free medical treatment.     你所持的护照可使你享有免费医疗.
example sentence not found
 The quality of service in this restaurant has improved a lot.     这个饭店的服务质量已经有了很大改善。
 Imperfect articles are rejected by our quality control.     我们进行质量检验时，有缺陷的产品均予剔除。
 Emma herself suffered from no such qualms, for she was certain that Mr. Elton was as much in love with Harriet as Harriet---through Emma's instigation---was with him.     爱玛自己倒是心安理得，因为她确信埃尔顿先生对哈里特十分钟情，而哈里特――在她的鼓动之下――对他也有同样的爱慕之心。
 I was put in a great quandary.     我陷于进退两难的窘境。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Having no fixed quantitative value.     变量的没有固定数量值的
 This company is more concerned with quality than with quantity.     这家公司对质量比对产量更重视.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This discovery marks a quantum leap forward in the fight against cancer.     这一发现标志著治疗癌症的 一大突破.
 Quarantine restriction have been lifted on import animal from that country.     对来自那个国家的进口动物的检疫限制已被解除。
example sentence not found
 I don't quarrel with what you say, but with how you say it.     我并不在意你说了什么，而是不满意你说话的那种方式。
 The diary portrays his family as quarrelsome and malicious.     日记中描述了他家反宅乱的事.
 Detectives kept the quarry under surveillance for weeks.     侦探们监测那个目标已有好几个星期了。
 One fifth of a gallon or four fifths of a quart of liquor.     五分之一加仑或一夸脱酒的五分之四
 The rent is due at the end of each quarter.     缴纳租金以每季度末为期限。
 The quarterback was mobbed by the defensive line.     四分卫遭到防守线球员猛烈攻击
 A monetary allowance, wage, or payment made or received quarterly.     按季收付的款项按季度发放或收到的津贴、工资或付款
 The soldiers grappled with the enemy at close quarters.     士兵短兵相接地同敌人格斗。
 The string quartet is a kind of delicate chamber music.     弦乐四重奏是一种优雅的室内乐。
 A mineral, especially a transparent form of quartz, having a crystalline structure, often characterized by external planar faces.     水晶一种具有晶体结构的矿石，尤指石英的一种透明形态，通常其晶面在同一平面上
example sentence not found
 The appeal court quash the care order make by the juvenile court.     上诉法院宣布少年法院发出的照看命令无效。
example sentence not found
 You could hear the quaver in her voice.     她的声音中能听出有些颤抖.
 We moored alongside the quay.     我们靠码头停泊.
 Dizzy or queasy.     迷惑的或令人作呕的
 An inhabitant of French descent living in Canada, especially Quebec, or in Louisiana.     法裔加人祖籍法国，现住加拿大的人，尤其是魁北克人或是在路易斯安那的人
 Since her promotion she queens it over everyone else in the office.     她获提升後对办事处所有的人都发号施令。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There is something queer about him.     他有些古怪。
 The police have been called in to quell a minor disturbance.     警察奉命出动以平息一场小规模的骚乱。
 Water will quench a fire.     水可以灭火。
example sentence not found
 Your interesting report raises several important queries.     你的精彩报告引出了几个重要问题。
 The lawyer was on a quest for further evidence.     律师正在到处找寻更多的证据。
 I would never question his honesty.     我对他的诚实绝不怀疑。
 The man looks questionable.     这个男人看上去很可疑。
example sentence not found
 The police detained him for questioning.     警方对他进行拘留审问.
 We gave them some questionnaires for collecting data.     为了收集数据我们发给他们一些调查表。
 People are queuing to buy tickets.     人们正排队买票。
 An equivocation; a quibble.     遁辞模棱两可的话；遁辞
 He gave a quick answer to the teacher's question.     他对老师的提问作出了迅速的回答。
 We quickened our pace.     我们加快了步速。
 My husband and I are so busy that we only have time for quickie.     我丈夫和我都很忙，我们只有时间草草完事。
 The news of her death circulated quickly.     她死去的消息迅速传开。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Please accept the use of our cottage as a quid pro quo for lending us your car.     请尽管使用我们的村舍, 以酬谢借给我们汽车之事.
 Quiescent. Used especially of a disease.     静止的静止的。尤指一种疾病
 Ask him to keep quiet.     让汤姆保持安静。
example sentence not found
 The children seem to be totally incapable of working quietly by themselves.     这些孩子似乎完全不能安静地自己做功课。
 After the quietness of home and school, university has been almost frightening.     过惯了家庭和中学的平静生活之後，大学简直有些可怕了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Quilt a skirt.     缝制裙子
 Quinine is a specific for malaria.     奎宁是治疗疟疾的特效药.
 Her book captures the quintessence of Renaissance humanism.     她的书抓住了文艺复兴时期人文主义的精髓.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Quips and cranks.     妙语和警句
 By a quirk of fate they have booked into the same hotel.     由於命运的捉弄，他们住进同一家旅馆。
example sentence not found
 You cannot quit smoking too soon.     你愈早戒烟愈好。
 He was quite young.     他相当年轻。
example sentence not found
 He felt a quiver of excitement.     他感到激动得发抖。
example sentence not found
 Match your skill against the experts in this quiz.     在这一测验中你与专家较量一下技巧吧。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 How many members make a quorum?     起码的法定人数是多少？
 A share or quota, as of troops, contributed to a general effort.     分遣队为全体之努力而作出贡献的部分或配额，如部队的分遣队
 They gave me a quotation for mending the roof.     他们给了我修理屋顶的报价单。
example sentence not found
 He quotes the Bible to support his beliefs.     他引用《圣经》来支持他的信仰。
example sentence not found
 The number obtained by dividing one quantity by another. In 45/3=15, 15 is the quotient.     商将一个量除以另一个量而获得的数。在45÷3＝15这个等式中，15是商
 The office or function of a rabbi.     犹太法学博士的身份或职位
 The eagle dived down on the rabbit.     那只鹰向兔子猛扑下来。
 The rabble soon grew violent and unmanageable.     暴民们很快地变得狂暴和无法控制。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She came second in the race.     她在比赛中得了第二名。
 The success was because in those days, there were no betting-shops. The law of the land said you could only bet at a racecourse.     成功的秘诀是由于在那个时候没有赌场。当时的法律规定只能在赛马场下赌。
example sentence not found
 The racer meant to win the500-meter race at all risks.     这个参赛者下定决心无论如何要赢得500公尺赛跑的胜利。
 A position at a distance from the inside or center, as of a playing field or racetrack.     界外，外侧位置远离，如运动场或跑道的内部或中心的位置
 A district of Los Angeles, California. It was the scene of severe racial tensions and violence in1965.     瓦茨，乔治・弗雷德里克1817－1904英国画家，以其历史作品、画像和寓意画闻名，包括希望（1885年）
example sentence not found
 The cockpit of the driver's seat in a racing car is very small.     赛车的驾驶员座舱非常小。
 Their comments smack of racism.     他们的评论有点种族偏见的味道.
 The ideology and practice of the Nazis, especially the policy of racist nationalism, national expansion, and state control of the economy.     纳粹主义纳粹党的意识和实施，尤其是种族国家主义，国家扩张，政府控制经济的政策
 Even after racking his brains he couldn't think of a single example.     即使绞尽脑汁，他还是连一个例子也想不出来。
 How did she get into the modelling racket?     她是怎样当上模特儿的?
example sentence not found
 His grandfather was a fine raconteur, dredging up quite effortlessly, and with a great wealth of detail, scenes and incidents from his early life.     他的祖父是位很好讲故事的人，不废吹灰之力，就把他年轻时事情、场景，极详细地描绘出来。
 Racy or scandalous gossip.     流言粗鄙下流或造谣中伤的流言
 The radar scanned the sky for enemy planes.     雷达密切监视天空，搜索敌机。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The radiance of the sunset died away.     夕阳的余辉渐渐地消失了。
 The sun is a radiant body.     太阳是一个发光体。
 Eight roads radiate from the square.     八条大道从广场呈辐射形伸展出去。
 The most terrifying aspect of nuclear bombing is radiation.     核弹轰炸最可怕的一面是辐射。
 The dog nestled up against the warm radiator.     狗倚著暖烘烘的散热器.
 They called for a radical reform of our tax system.     他们要求对税收制度进行根本改革。
 There is only a formal resemblance between the two systems; they are in fact radically different.     这两种体系只是在表面上有某种相似之处, 其实根本不同.
 He asked me to turn on the radio for him.     他让我替他打开收音机。
example sentence not found
 The radioactive material is stored in a special radiation-proof container.     放射性材料贮存在防辐射的特殊容器内.
 Russian-born American nuclear physicist known for his work on radioactivity and genetic information as well as his books popularizing theories of physics.     伽莫夫，乔治1904－1968俄国裔的美国核物理学家，因在射线遗传信息方面的研究和有关普及物理理论的书籍而闻名于世
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Tell me when radium was found.     告诉我镭是什么时候被发现的。
 We can compute the circular area with radius.     我们能用半径计算出圆的面积。
example sentence not found
 Any of several radioactive gases that are isotopes of radon and are products of radioactive decay.     射气几种氡的同位素的放射性气体，是放射性物质衰变的产物
example sentence not found
 My luck's in I won a new car in a raffle.     我的运气来了－－在有奖抽彩中我得了一辆新汽车。
 The raft was floating gently down the river.     筏子顺河水缓缓漂流.
example sentence not found
 I read it in the local rag.     我从本地的报纸上看到了这条消息。
example sentence not found
 The young girl has a rage for pop music.     这个年轻的女孩对流行音乐有狂热爱好。
 The old man's ragged coat showed his poverty.     那个老人褴褛的衣衫表明他很穷困。
 The place was a blazing, raging, roaring, etc inferno.     那地方是一片熊熊的、 滚滚的、 咆哮的...火海.
example sentence not found
 The police will carry out a dawn raid.     警方将在拂晓展开突然搜查。
example sentence not found
 We installed a stainless steel towel rail on the wall.     我们在墙上装了一个不锈钢的挂毛巾的横杆。
example sentence not found
 The space around the altar of a church for the clergy and sometimes the choir, often enclosed by a lattice or railing.     教堂高坛教堂内圣坛周围供牧师有时也供唱师班用的通常围以格子或栅栏的高坛，
example sentence not found
 We will send the goods by railroad.     我们将用铁路运输。
 The goods were consigned to you by railway.     货物已由铁路托运到你处。
example sentence not found
 It's raining hard.     雨下得很大。
example sentence not found
 Round about, piles of lime- stone glistened in all the colours of the rainbow.     周围一堆堆的石灰石，在彩虹一样的斑斓色彩中闪闪发光。
 He wasn't wearing his raincoat, he was carrying it over his arm.     他没穿著雨衣而是把它搭在胳膊上.
 Raindrop fall at a speed of about500 to1, 000 feet a minute.     雨点以每分钟大约五百到一千英尺的速度下降。
 We had a moldy holiday - it rained every day.     我们的假日过得好无聊，每天都下雨。
 The rainfall averages 36 inches a year.     年降雨量平均为36英寸.
 South winds in winter are a guarantee of rain in these parts.     在这一带，冬天刮南风是下雨的迹象。
 After the rainstorm, there were pools on the roads.     暴雨过後路上有许多水洼儿.
 It's not always nice and sunny in miami, sometimes cloudy and rainy.     迈阿密的气候并非总是晴空丽日，有时也有阴天下雨的时候。
 His long absence raised fears about his safety.     他长期不在引起了大家对他的安全的担心。
 We've only raised 2000 so far; we're still 500 short (of the amount we need).     我们到目前为止才筹集到2000英镑, （离所需数目）还差500英镑.
example sentence not found
 Sour grapes are made into raisins or wine.     酸葡萄就做成葡萄干或葡萄酒。
example sentence not found
 The field had been raked.     田地已经耙平了。
example sentence not found
 Her spirits rallied on hearing the good news.     她听到这个好消息精神又振作起来。
 The farmer keeps one ram and five ewes on his farm.     农夫在农场里养了一只公羊，五只母羊。
example sentence not found
 The old man rambled about the past.     老者在聊过去的事情。
example sentence not found
 I like rambling around in the country.     我喜欢在乡间漫步。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 See the children ramping about in the playground.     你看孩子们在运动场上乱冲乱跳。
example sentence not found
 Deplored the rampant consumerism of contemporary society.     对当代社会中狂热的拜金思想深感遗憾
 Surrounded with or as if with a rampart.     用城墙围绕的用城墙围绕的或类似于为城墙围绕的
example sentence not found
 The little boy ran off to get his brother.     这个小男孩跑去找他的哥哥。
 The owner or manager of a ranch; a rancher.     牧场主牧场的主人或经营人；牧场主
example sentence not found
 The grocer took back the rancid butter.     杂货店老板让把变了味的黄油退给了他。
 I have no rancor against him.     我对他无怨无仇。
example sentence not found
 Marked by a lack of care, accuracy, or organization; random.     漫无目的的缺乏谨慎、精确或组织性的；随意的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Hey, Randy, have you had your lunch yet?     嘿，蓝迪，你吃午饭了吗？
 Their refusal rang the knell of our hopes.     他们的拒绝是我们希望破灭的凶兆。
 The children's ages range from 8 to 15.     这些孩子们的年龄在8岁到15岁之间。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This tennis player ranked third in the world.     这位网球运动员排名世界第三。
 The riot police quickly fell into rank for action.     防暴警察迅速列队准备行动。
 The insult still rankled in his mind.     他对那次受辱仍耿耿於怀.
 Burglars ransacked the office of a91-year-old physician who is one of the last private doctors left in crime-ravaged Harlem, police said yesterday.     警方昨天说，小偷把九十一岁内科医生的诊所洗劫一空。在罪犯横行的哈莱姆区，诊所已所剩无几。
 They had to ransom the kidnapped diplomat.     他们不得不赎回被绑架的外交官。
 You can rant and rave at the fine, but you'll still have to pay it.     你闹也好, 骂也好, 罚金还是得交.
 There is a light rap at the door.     有轻轻的敲门声。
 A person of a rapacious, predatory, or profiteering nature.     贪婪的人具有贪婪、凶残或逐利性格的人
example sentence not found
 The rape of the countryside had a profound ravage on them.     对乡村的掠夺给他们造成严重创伤。
 The intercession has made a rapid progress.     调解已经取得了很大的进展。
 Rapidity or speed of motion; swiftness.     迅速，快速运动的快速或速度；迅速
 The company developed rapidly under his administration.     在他的管理下，公司发展得很快。
 The boat shot the rapids.     那条船穿过急流。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The actor developed a close rapport with his audience.     该演员与观众建立了密切的关系.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He fall into rapture over classic music.     他对古典音乐喜爱若狂。
example sentence not found
 Those rare books are shelved in the East Library.     那些珍贵的书籍都放在图书馆东馆的架子上。
example sentence not found
 Rarely did he fail to keep his promise.     他真的很难得失信。
 These stamps have great value because of their rarity.     这些罕见的邮票非常珍贵。
 The boy is nothing but a rascal.     这个男孩是个小淘气。
 While you have this rash you are still infectious.     身上还有这种疹子, 就仍然有传染性.
 Some people jump rashly to the conclusion that something must be wrong.     有些人轻率地得出结论说一定是出了什麽问题。
 Rashness is the result of ignorance, hesitation of think.     轻率是无知的结果，犹豫是思考的产物。
 The boss and his secretary bell gave Jack the raspberry today.     今天老板和他的秘书两人对杰克咂舌砸唇的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They said they'd help but they've ratted on us.     他们说要帮助我们，可是他们食言了。
 Dad want to get out of the rat race and move back to his hometown.     父亲想离开无休无止的竞争，回到他的故乡。
 They drove at a steady rate.     他们以平稳的速度开车。
 He is generally rated as one of the best modern writers.     他被公认为现代最杰出的作家之一。
 I would rather stay at home.     我宁可呆在家里。
example sentence not found
 The government has ratified the project.     政府已经批准了这个项目。
 Having an acceptable credit rating.     信用好的有令人满意的信用等级的
 Men outnumber women here in the ratio of three to one.     此地男子数量以三比一超过女子。
example sentence not found
 The soldiers were given their rations of food.     士兵们分得了他们的给养口粮。
 The quality or condition of being rational.     合理性合乎理性的性质或状态
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He's constantly rationalizing.     他总是不断反省是否言行合理.
example sentence not found
 The Government may have to introduce petrol rationing.     政府可能不得不实行汽油限量供应。
example sentence not found
 The boy put some stones in a tin box and made them rattle.     男孩把一些石子放在铁盒子里，然后摇得哗啦哗啦地响。
 We saw a real live rattlesnake!     我们看到一条真的响尾蛇!
example sentence not found
 Bands of soldiers ravaged the village.     成群的士兵洗劫了村庄。
 You can rant and rave at the fine, but you'll still have to pay it.     你闹也好, 骂也好, 罚金还是得交.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The raven cawed on the tree.     乌鸦在树上呱呱叫着。
 The ravenous lion tore the quarry.     饥饿的狮子撕碎了猎物。
 My horse jump across the deep ravine, but all the others balk.     我的马跃过深谷，但其余的马都突然停止不动。
 I was ravished by her beauty.     我被她的美貌迷住了.
 I was ravished by her beauty.     我被她的美貌迷住了.
example sentence not found
 She makes use of people she meets as raw material for her fiction.     她把她所遇见的人们作为她创作小说的素材。
 The problem is how we are to get the raw material.     问题是我们怎样得到原材料。
 A time Hera, Poseidon, Apollo, and all the other Olympians, except Hestia, surrounded him suddenly as he lay asleep on his couch and bound him with rawhide thongs, knotted into a hundred knots, so that he could not move.     有一次，赫拉、波塞冬、阿波罗和除了赫斯提外所有的奥林波斯神祗乘宙斯躺在床上熟睡之际一拥而上，用生牛皮绳把他捆绑起来并打上一百个绳结，使他动弹不得。
example sentence not found
 Ray take a gulp of coffee and rushed out of the room.     雷喝了一大口咖啡，接着便冲出了房间。
example sentence not found
 The bombs razed the building to the ground.     炸弹把那座建筑夷为平地。
 The razor has a very keen edge.     这把剃刀有锋利的口。
 Do you re member how we pushed the boat out the night that we won back the championship?     你可记得我们夺回冠军那天晚上，我们是如何欢宴作乐的吗？
 They reached London on Friday.     他们星期五到达伦敦。
 How did they react to your suggestion?     他们对你的建议有什么反应？
example sentence not found
 What was his reaction to the news?     他对这消息的反应如何？
 The reactionary classes never give up power voluntarily.     反动阶级从来不会自动放弃政权。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An undamaged nuclear reactor; undamaged feelings.     未毁坏的核反应堆；未受伤害的感情
 The teacher read the poem to the class.     老师给全班同学朗诵这首诗歌。
example sentence not found
 A readable story.     一个可读性强的故事
 We have received many letters on this subject from our readers.     关于这个题目我们收到了很多读者的来信。
 The paper has a wide readership.     该报拥有广泛的读者。
 They can readily be brought anywhere.     它们易于携带。
 She shows great readiness to learn.     她表现出强烈的学习愿望。
 Reading occupies most of my free time.     阅读占去了我大部分的闲暇时间。
 You need time to readjust (to living alone).     你需要些时间才能重新习惯（过单身生活）.
example sentence not found
 She is always ready to help others.     她总是乐于助人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 At the last election Mr Reagan scraped home in California.     在上次选举中，里根先生费了好大劲才在加利福尼亚当选。
example sentence not found
 Bottled lemon juice is no good you must use the real thing.     瓶装柠檬汁可不行－－你得用真货。
 She is advised to invest in real estate.     有人建议他投资于房地产。
example sentence not found
 I shall never gird at realism.     我是不会嘲弄现实的。
 Romanian-born sculptor who settled in Paris in1904. He broke sharply with the realist tradition, making abstract sculptures, chiefly in metal and stone, of great geometric simplicity.     布兰诺西，康斯坦丁1876－1957罗马尼亚裔雕刻家，于1904年定居于巴黎。他鲜明地打破现实主义传统，主要用金属和石头为材料创作了极简单明快的几何造型的抽象雕塑
 His realistic novel was criticized by some people.     他的现实主义小说遭到了一些人的批判。
example sentence not found
 We must face reality.     我们必须面对现实。
 The realization of his ambition makes him very happy.     他很高兴他的理想实现了。
 The furniture realized 900 at the sale.     拍卖这家具获900英镑.
 It's really cold today.     今天可真冷。
 A region, realm, or dwelling place conceived to be below the surface of the earth.     下层社会设想在地球表面下面的区域、王国和居住场所
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It is a season that peasants reap the corn from what they planted in spring.     农民们春季播种玉米，现在是他们收获的季节。
 A rabbit get catch in the blade of the reaper.     一只兔子被卷到收割机的刀刃中去了。
 It reappeared long/soon after.     过後很久[不久]又出现了.
 I got a flat tire of the rear wheel of my bicycle.     我自行车的后轮车胎没气了。
 Can you rearrange our schedule?     你能重新安排一下我们的日程吗？
example sentence not found
 Copernicus reasoned that the earth revolved around the sun.     哥白尼论证了地球绕着太阳转。
 You are fortunate to have such a reasonable father.     你有这样一位通情达理的父亲，真是幸运。
 A device that operates by power(often electricity) and performs some reasonably complex operation(an accounting machine;photocopiers and other office machines).     用动力（通常是电）推动运行的一种设备，它能完成某些相当复杂的工作（例如会计机、复印机和其它办公机器）。
 There is no reasoning with such a stubborn man as Peter.     跟彼得这种固执的人讲理简直是不可能的事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A glance in the mirror reassured him that his tie wasn't crooked.     他照了一下镜子，领带确实没有戴歪。
 The police reassured her about the child's safety.     警察让她放心，她的孩子很安全。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He get a tax rebate at the end of the year.     他在年底得到了一笔退回的税款。
 Rebecca is a pigeon with no pigeonhole.     丽贝卡是一位难以形容的漂亮姑娘。
 The rebels made regular attacks on the railways.     叛军不时地袭击铁路。
 The people would rise in open rebellion if oppressed by a monarchy.     如果遭到君主制的压迫，人民就会起来反抗。
 Rising in revolt against civil authority or a government in power; rebellious.     起义的，造反的起来反抗当局或当权的政府的；反叛的
 His courageous words took his depressed supporters on the rebound.     他的言词颇有胆量，鼓舞了那些本已垂头丧气的支持者。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The scheme rebounded on her in a way she had not expected.     她未曾想到这计谋反倒使她自食其果.
 Her kindness to him was met with a cruel rebuff.     她一片好心却遭到他冷酷的拒绝。
 Plans have been put forward to pull down and rebuild the area.     已提出计划，要把这个地区的房屋推掉重建。
 You will hear about this (ie will receive a formal rebuke about it) later.     这件事你就等瞧吧（要受到严厉斥责）.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Resistant to authority or discipline; recalcitrant.     难驯服的不屈服于权力或权威的；暴烈的
example sentence not found
 I can recall the men's features.     我回忆得起这个人的容貌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 So much for the detailed argument, I will now recapitulate.     详细理由业已说完，我现在简述要旨。
 The drama of the prisoner's escape and recapture.     囚犯逃跑和被重新抓获的戏剧性事件
 Recast a bell.     重铸一口钟
 The prospect of bankruptcy has now receded.     破产的危险已经减少了。
 We only take goods back if customers can produce the receipt.     顾客如能出示收据, 我们才能予以退货.
example sentence not found
 The boat received a heavy load.     这船负有重载。
 When her husband died, she received 50000 in insurance.     她丈夫去世後, 她得到50000英镑的保险金.
 Please put the receiver back after calling.     打完电话后，请把听筒放回原位。
 Upon receiving your letter, I was as happy as could be.     一收到你的信，我非常高兴。
 The recent scandal has provided the government's opponents with plenty of ammunition.     最近的丑闻给政府的反对派提供了大量的炮弹。
 I've only recently started learning French.     我是最近才开始学法语的。
example sentence not found
 Reception of TV programmes is unsatisfactory here.     这里电视节目的接收情况不佳。
 The new receptionist is a bit of a plain Jane but she's very efficient at her job.     那位新来的接待员相貌一般，但她的工作效率很高。
 The periodic state of sexual excitement in the female of most mammals, excluding human beings, that immediately precedes ovulation and during which the female is most receptive to mating; heat.     （雌性动物的）动情，动情周期大多数哺乳动物（包括人类）的雌性产生的周期性的性冲动，在此期间内雌性具有排卵的优势，所以该期间最适合性交；刺激
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An open recess for holding a fire at the base of a chimney; a hearth.     壁炉用于在烟囱底部燃火的敞口的凹窝；炉床
 The recession have cause thousands of bankruptcy.     经济不景气造成数千万的破产。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He knows the recipe for this dish.     他知道这道菜的烹饪方法。
 The recipient of an honor.     受誉者接受荣誉的人
 They have a reciprocal agreement to combat terrorism.     他们有相互配合的协定，共同与恐怖主义作斗争。
 I reciprocate your good wishes.     我也同样祝福你.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her recital led off/She led off her recital with a Haydn sonata.     她在独奏会上首先演出的是海顿的奏鸣曲.
 He often cut recitation during his college days.     他上大学时经常无故旷课，逃避背诵练习。
 Recite the poem (right) from the (very) beginning.     从头开始背诵这首诗.
 He's quite reckless of his own safety.     他完全不顾及自己的安全。
 I've never seen a car being driven so recklessly.     我从没见过有人开车这么卤莽。
 His recklessness brought down disaster on the whole family.     他草率行事，使整个家庭遭到了灾难。
 They reckon the book as one of his best works.     他们认为这本书是他的优秀作品之一。
 The business is washed up; a loan will do no more than delay the day of reckoning.     生意已维持不下去了，贷款只能推迟（倒闭）清算的日子罢了。
 You may be entitled to reclaim some of the tax you paid last year.     你或许有权要求退回去年你交付的部分税金。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She reclined her head against my shoulder.     她把头倚在我的肩上。
example sentence not found
 The condition of being a recluse.     隐居处于做隐士的状况
 The town has altered out of all recognition since I was last there.     自从我上次离开这里以来，这小城已经变得认不出来了。
 It's an instantly recognizable face.     那是我一眼就能认得出的面孔。
 The firm recognized Tom's outstanding work by giving him an extra bonus.     公司发给汤姆一笔额外奖金以表彰他工作出色.
 She recoiled at the sight of the snake.     她一见到蛇就往后缩。
 I recollect that she had red hair.     我记得她长着红头发。
 That evening together is one of my happiest recollections.     我们一起欢度的那个晚上是我最快乐的事情之一。
 Can you recommend to me a good dictionary?     你能为我推荐一本好字典吗？
example sentence not found
 The judge made recommendations to the court.     法官向审判人员提出建议。
 The doctor strongly recommended that he take a holiday.     医生竭力劝他去休假。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We tried to reconcile her with her family.     我们试图让她和她的家庭和好。
 We've tried our best to effect reconciliation between the two parties.     我们已尽了最大努力希望促成双方和解。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I'd like to reconfirm my plane reservation.     我想要确定我预定的机票。
 Photographic aerial reconnaissance especially of military targets.     空中照相侦察空中照相侦察，尤指军事目的的
example sentence not found
 We regret that we are unable to reconsider your case.     我们很遗憾无法再考虑你的情况。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The act or result of reconstructing.     重建重新建造的行为或结果
 I have a plan for the reconstruction of the city centre.     我有一个重建城市中心的计划。
 The broadcast was recorded, not live.     这次广播是事先录音的，不是现场直播。
 Ten bankruptcies were recorded in this town last year.     去年这个镇已有十起破产事件。
 We needed someone to fix the tape recorder.     我们需要有人来修理录音机。
 On dictation equipment, the process of removing the recording from a recording medium.     在口述记录设备上，从记录媒体上擦除记录的处理过程。
 The defeated candidate demanded a recount.     落选的候选人要求重新计算选票。
 He recouped himself for his losses.     他挽回了自己的损失.
 Your only recourse is legal action against them.     你只有求助于法律来对付他们。
 He is very ill and unlikely to recover.     他病得非常厉害，不大可能恢复健康了。
example sentence not found
 He is well on his way to recovery.     他正在顺利恢复。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In other words, we had better take sufficient recreation to relax after work.     换句话说，我们最好工作后，消遣消遣来轻松一下。
 A piece of land with few or no buildings within or adjoining a town, maintained for recreational and ornamental purposes.     公园城镇内部或邻近区域的一块留作娱乐或美化之用的有很少或没有建筑的土地
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 New recruits to our music club are always welcome.     我们的音乐俱乐部随时欢迎新会员参加。
example sentence not found
 Having the shape of a rectangle.     矩形的具有矩形形状的
 An orderly arrangement of data, especially one in which the data are arranged in columns and rows in an essentially rectangular form.     表数据中的一种有序排列，尤指其中的数据按基本上构成一个矩形的竖行和横行进行排列的一张表格
example sentence not found
 A rectifier of many wrongs.     一个纠正了许多错误的人
 He cleaned the bottle with rectified spirit.     他用精馏酒精清洗瓶子。
example sentence not found
 Instead of thinking of Robert Martin as a husband for Harriet, Emma influenced the girl to aspire to Mr. Elton, the young, rector.     爱玛认为罗伯特・马丁不配取哈里特为妻，便鼓励这位姑娘追求年轻的牧师埃尔顿先生。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The recurring decimal 3.999... is also described as 3.9 recurring.     循环小数｀3.999...＇亦作｀3.9循环＇.
 The quality or state of being periodic; recurrence at regular intervals.     周期性周期出现的性质或状态；以固定的间隔而发生
 A narrative poem, often of folk origin and intended to be sung, consisting of simple stanzas and usually having a recurrent refrain.     民谣常是源于民歌并适于演唱的叙事诗歌，由简单诗节组成，通常有循环迭句
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Recycled materials are mostly of limited use.     再生材料大多用途有限.
 The sky slowly changed from blue to red.     天空慢慢由蓝色变为红色。
example sentence not found
 The Chinese Red Cross contributed a generous sum during the war.     战争期间, 中国红十字会捐了一大笔钱。
example sentence not found
 She reddened at the sight.     她看到那光景而脸红。
 Any of a group of colors reddish in hue, of medium to high lightness, and of low to moderate saturation.     粉红色色彩中略带红色的颜色中的一组，亮度中到高等，彩度饱和度从低到中等
 We must redecorate the staircase.     我们得把楼梯重新装饰一下.
 She redeemed her reputation with a powerful speech to the party convention.     她由于向党代表大会做了有力的演说而挽回了自己的声誉。
example sentence not found
 He had finished the redemption of his promises.     他已经履行完他的诺言了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Redo a living area in yellow.     把房子起居部分重新装修成黄色
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This course of action will redound to our advantage.     这种做法对我们很有好处.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He did all that he could do to redress these wrongs.     他尽可能地补偿这些错误。
 They were reduced to begging or starving.     他们穷得不行乞便挨饿。
 The act of laying down arms, especially the reduction or abolition of a nation's military forces and armaments.     缴械，解除武装放下武器的行为，尤指减少或取消国家的军事力量和武装
example sentence not found
 A cyclic code with minimum redundancy used to check errors in a set of characters.     一种用于检查一组字符的错误、并且具有最小冗余度的循环码。
 There will be no question of anyone being made redundant.     决不可能裁掉任何人.
example sentence not found
 A16-foot reed stop on an organ.     风琴的十六音步簧
example sentence not found
 The ship struck a hidden reef and went dawn with all hands.     船只撞上暗礁与全体船员一起沉没。
 That reek is from the fox.     那股恶臭是狐狸发出的。
 His mind was reeling with all that he had seen and heard.     他的所见所闻使他内心大为震动。
 The president is going to stand for reelection.     这位总统准备参加竞选连任。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 For further particulars, please refer to Chapter Ten.     详情请看第10章。
 The referee counted him out in the first round.     裁判判定他在第一回合被击败。
 You should make a reference to a dictionary.     你应该参考字典。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Set me refill your cup.     我来给你再斟上一杯。
example sentence not found
 After30 years, the mature author was able to refine on the work of his youth.     过去30年，这位作家已经成熟，他可以将年轻时候写的作品修改得更完美了。
 The oil will be refined.     这些石油将被精炼。
 The new car has many added refinements such as air-conditioning and anti- blocking brakes.     这辆新车有许多精巧的附加装置，如空调和防抱死装置。
 The oil is carried to the oil refinery by pipelines.     石油通过输油管输送到炼油厂。
 The sunlight was reflected in the water.     日光由水面反射出来。
 The cat felt curious when she saw her own reflection in the mirror.     小猫看到自己在镜子中的倒影，感到很好奇。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A tonic reflex.     肌肉紧张反射
example sentence not found
 Many reforms must be made to the education system.     教育体制要作许多改革。
 Czechoslovakian religious reformer who was excommunicated(1409) for attacking the corruption of the clergy. His De Ecclesia questioned the authority and infallibility of the Catholic Church.     胡斯，约翰1372？－1415捷克斯洛伐克宗教改革者，1409年由于攻击牧师制度的堕落而被开除教籍。他在著作教会中对天主教会的权威和正确性提出了质疑
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I carefully refrained from looking at him.     我留意着避免朝他看。
 Let me refresh your memory with some fact.     我来提几件事帮你恢复记忆吧。
 After a refreshing nap, Mr Adams was again his own man.     亚当斯先生睡了个好午觉，又恢复了精神。
 Refreshments will be available all day long so just help yourself when you're hungry.     点心与饮料将全天供应，你们饿时只管随便享用。
example sentence not found
 The boys made away with the contents of the refrigerator.     男孩子们把冰箱中的食物吃得精光。
example sentence not found
 It is a classic sanctuary in which the rationalist fancy may take refuge.     这是一所古雅的圣殿，理性主义者可以躲在其中。
 There are many refugees from that country.     有许多来自那个国家的难民。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She demand a refund.     她要求退款。
example sentence not found
 We interpreted his silence as a refusal.     我们认为他的沉默是拒绝的表示。
 We were refused permission to enter.     我们被拒之门外。
example sentence not found
 As for the Flat Earth theory, I believe I could refute it.     至于地平学说，我相信我能驳斥它。
 When will the patient regain his consciousness?     这个病人什么时候恢复知觉？
 Royal or imperial; regal.     贵族或皇室的；帝王的
example sentence not found
 She regarded him thoughtfully.     她若有所思地看着他。
 She said nothing regarding your request.     她对你的要求只字不提。
 They decorated the house regardless of cost.     他们不惜工本装修这栋房子。
 She is determined to do regardless of all consequences.     她不顾一切后果，决心这样做。
 Should you see him, please give him my regards.     如果你见到他，请代我向他致意。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Their aim is to regenerate British industry.     他们的目的是复兴英国的工业.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His address be248 regent street, right?     他的住址是摄政街284号，对吗？
example sentence not found
 The people have been kept down for years by a brutal regime.     人民多年遭受野蛮制度压迫.
example sentence not found
 His son is a soldier in a cavalry regiment.     他的儿子是骑兵团的一名战士。
 The regimental band triumphantly piped the soldiers in.     团部的乐队用风笛奏起凯歌，迎入士兵。
example sentence not found
 The capital of Swaziland, in the northwest part of the country. It is a commercial center for an agricultural region. Population, 33,000.     姆巴巴纳斯威士兰首都，位于该国的西北部。是农业区的商业中心。人口33，000
 Close analysis of sales figures showed clear regional variations.     对销售额的仔细分析显示出明显的地区差别。
example sentence not found
 Each class has a register of 50 students.     每班有50名学员注册。
 Now so many football clubs are registered with the football association.     当今有那么多的足球俱乐部在足协登记注册。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The registration of students for an examination has been over.     学生的考试登记已经结束了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She immediately regretted her decision.     她做出决定后立即感到后悔。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It's regrettable that you diddled away the whole afternoon.     真可惜，你把整个下午浪费掉了。
 He has very regular features.     他五官端正。
 They meet with great regularity.     他们定期会面。
 Take the medicine regularly three times a day.     定时吃药，每天三次。
 Your watch is always slow; it needs to be regulated.     你的手表总是慢，需要校准一下。
 The convocation held at four o'clock had passed a regulation.     四点举行的会议通过了一项规章制度。
 Despite all the fanfare by Federal regulators over recent bailouts of sick savings institutions, evidence is mounting that the deals are merely papering over the severe problems plaguing the industry.     不论联邦监管人员最近如何大张旗鼓挽救一蹶不振的储蓄行业，越来越多的证据显示：政府所做仅仅在掩饰困扰该待业的严重问题。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Carlin has been so out of it at rehearsal that week.     卡琳那个星期彩排的时候一直醉得不省人事。
example sentence not found
 Silence reigned everywhere.     万籁俱寂。
 We will reimburse the customer for any loss or damage.     我们愿赔偿顾客受到的一切损失和损害.
example sentence not found
 He pulled at the reins.     他使劲拉住缰绳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Any of several large reindeer native to northern North America.     北美驯鹿原产于北美洲北部的一种巨大的驯鹿
 This evidence reinforces my view that he is a spy.     这个证据证实了我认为他是间谍的这一看法。
 An athletic supporter having a protective reinforcement of rigid plastic or metal.     运动员护身一种运动员用的护身弹性织物，有用保护性的坚硬塑料或金属制成的加强层
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The teacher reiterates that rule.     老师重申了那条规则。
 The factory sells some of its better rejects cheaply, but it throws most of the rejects away.     这家公司廉价出售略好一些的次品，但将大多数次品丢弃。
 The rejection of their pay claim was given a less than rhapsodic reception by the miners.     矿工要求提高工资遭到拒绝而甚为恼火.
 They all rejoiced to hear the happy news.     他们都很乐于听到这个令人高兴的消息。
 The good news rejoiced the cockles of my heart.     这好消息使我从心坎里感到高兴。
 I'll have you both licked when I get out, that I will,  rejoined the boy, beginning to snivel. Two can play at that game, mind you,  said Tom.     等我走出学校，我要叫人把你们俩狠狠揍一顿，我一定要，那孩子回答说，开始哭鼻子。你叫人，我们也会叫人，你不要忘记。汤姆说。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 These two events were related to each other.     这两个事件相互有联系。
 We are nearly related.     我们是至亲。
 He is a near relation of mine.     他是我的一个近亲。
example sentence not found
 His relations with his clients were also cut and dried, very little personal feeling could in the nature of things come into them.     他与顾客的关系是事务性的，理所当然不可能跟他们之间有多少个人感情。
 The relationship between them is being improved.     他们之间的关系正在改善。
 They are now living in relative comfort.     他们现在过着比较舒适的生活。
 The orientation of a spacecraft relative to its direction of motion.     飞行姿态宇宙飞船相对于其飞行方向所处的位置
 The exam was relatively easy.     这次考试比较容易。
 Einstein's theory of relativity.     爱因斯坦的相对论。
 The music will help to relax you.     音乐会使你感到轻松。
 Fishing is his favorite relaxation.     他最喜爱的消遣是钓鱼。
 She's a bit too knowing for me to feel relaxed with her.     她很有点世故, 和她相处我觉得不自在.
 His muscles relaxed.     他的肌肉松弛了。
 The moving part of an electromagnetic device such as a relay, buzzer, or loudspeaker.     电枢电磁装置的移动部分，如继电器，蜂音器或扬声器
 Six teams competed in yesterday's relay race.     六个队参加了昨天的接力赛。
 The new film will be released next month.     这部新的电影下个月发行。
 Mr. Taylor relegate his project to his son after he have ret.     泰勒先生退休后把他的事业移转给儿子。
 The police will not relent in their fight against crime.     警方在跟犯罪分子的斗争中决不手软。
example sentence not found
 The sun glared down relentlessly.     太阳毫不留情地发出强烈的光。
 Having logical, precise relevance to the matter at hand.     有关系的，相关的对即将到来的事情有合乎逻辑且明确的关联
example sentence not found
 She gobbled up all the relevant information.     她如饥似渴地收集一切有关的信息。
 An experiment was made to check up on the reliability of certain criteria.     已经进行了一项实验以检查某些标准的可靠性。
 The news comes from a reliable source.     这消息来自可靠的来源。
 Reliance on something in the future; hope.     期待，期望对某事未来的信赖；希望
 This ruined bridge is a relic of the Civil War.     这座毁坏的桥是南北战争时的遗迹。
 The museum has many immemorial cultural relics.     该博物馆收藏了很多极其古老的文物。
example sentence not found
 The coach was full so a relief was put on.     长途汽车已满员，所以增开了一辆。
 He was relieved of his watch.     他的表被偷走了。
 He was relieved of his watch.     他的表被偷走了。
 There are many religions in the world.     世界上有许多种宗教信仰。
 These two countries had three religious wars in twenty years.     这两个国家在20年里发生过三次宗教上的冲突。
 I had relinquished all hope that she was alive.     我已经放弃了她还活着的一切希望。
example sentence not found
 He drank up the wine with relish.     他津津有味地把酒喝光了。
 I wish I could put the clock back and relive my schooldays; I regret not having tried harder and passed more exams.     我希望时光能够倒退回去，我可以重新去过学生时代的生活。我后悔当初不够努力，没有通过更多的考试。
example sentence not found
 The board decide to relocate the company in scotland.     董事会决定将公司迁至英格兰。
example sentence not found
 Refusal or reluctance to believe.     不信，怀疑拒绝或不愿相信
 He gave a reluctant promise.     他勉强答应下来了。
 She reluctantly agreed to let the matter drop.     她勉强同意这事到此为止。
 I think I can come, but don't rely on it.     我想我能来，但还说不定。
 Judging from the fact that our bodies automatically compensate for a loss of REM sleep, we apparently have a need for REM sleep.     从人体能自动补偿损失掉的“眼球快动睡眠”的事实来推测：很明显，我们需要“眼球快动睡眠”。
 He remained poor all his life.     他终生贫穷。
 Nine people came in and the reminder stayed outside.     9个人进来，余下的人留在外面。
 You have the alternative of marrying or remaining a bachelor.     你可以结婚也可以仍做单身汉, 任你选择.
 The girls screamed when the grisly remains of the half-eaten corpses on the screen were shown.     当屏幕上显示出尸体被吃掉一半的恐怖残骸时，女孩子们尖叫起来。
 The editor remarked that article was well written.     编者评论说那篇文章写得很好。
 He showed remarkable courage when he faced the danger.     他在面对危险的时候表现出非凡的勇气。
 She sang remarkably well.     她唱得非常好。
 They made rude remarks about her appearance.     他们对她的外表横加粗暴的评论。
example sentence not found
 Something of no intrinsic remedial value that is used to appease or reassure another.     安慰的话，宽心的话某些没有内在补救作用的东西，仅仅用来安慰他人
 Your faults of pronunciation can be remedied.     你的发音毛病是可以纠正的。
 I'm sorry, I can't remember your name.     对不起，我想不起你的名字了。
 In remembrance of the battle, we set up a museum.     为纪念那次战役, 我们建立了一座博物馆。
 Please remind me to write to my mother tomorrow.     请提醒我明天给我母亲写信。
 The letter was an uncomfortable reminder of my debts.     那封信是催促还债的通知, 让我很不痛快.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It is remiss of her to forget to pay the bill.     她忘了付帐，真粗心大意。
 He got a remission of six months.     他获减刑六个月。
 He remitted some money to his mother.     他给他母亲寄了一些钱。
 Sorry, your remittance have not reach us yet.     对不起，您的汇款还没有到我们这儿。
example sentence not found
 I will sell this remnant to you, at cost.     我愿将此剩货照成本卖给你。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was in an agony of remorse.     他处于悔恨的海洋中。
example sentence not found
 Mail comes to this remote village only once a week.     邮车每周只到这个偏僻的村庄一次。
 The here/there button on the remote control which side camera you are controlling.     遥控器上的Here／There按钮可以控制任何一端的摄像机。
 The essay isn't even remotely relevant to the topic.     这篇文章毫不切题.
example sentence not found
 A hinged or removable section for a table top.     活动桌面桌子上部有铰链连接或可移动的部分
 In word processing, a control that releases or moves the recording medium to a position for easy removal from the equipment.     字（词）处理技术中使用的一种控制键，用于释放或移动记录媒体到一个便于从设备上取走的位置。
 That officer must be removed.     那位官员必须免职。
 That officer must be removed.     那位官员必须免职。
example sentence not found
 He received generous remuneration for his services.     他因服务而得到优厚的报酬。
example sentence not found
 These are the cultural legacies of the Renaissance.     这些是文艺复兴时期的文化遗产。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Infants were rent from their mother's arms.     婴儿被从母亲怀里抢走了。
 His fatness renders him unable to bend down.     他太胖了，以致于弯不下腰。
 The account is subject to10% discount if settled within fifteen days of rendering, after which it is strictly net.     提交清算书后15日内付款可打10％的折扣；超过15日，依全额付清。
 He didn't tell me the rendezvous.     他没有告诉我约会时间与地点。
 A gifted rendition of the aria.     极富天赋的咏叹调的演唱
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Spring renews the earth.     春天使大地复苏。
 If I can rephrase what I had just said, I think our resource is not renewable.     如果我可以把我刚说的话重新措辞一下，我变为我们的资源是不能再生的。
 We've dealt with several renewals this week.     我们在本周内处理了几件续约的事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He renounced his claim to the property.     他放弃了对财产的要求。
example sentence not found
 The entire fabric of the church needs renovation.     这座教堂的全部结构需要维修翻新.
 Something conferring honor or renown.     荣耀的事授予荣誉或声誉的事
 A man of renowned power or authority.     王握有权柄或有权威的男子
 She rents out rooms to students.     她出租房间给学生住。
example sentence not found
 The good video is always rented out.     好看的录像带总是被借走。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The murder trial was reopened.     这件谋杀案的审讯重新开始了。
 A word or phrase formed by reordering the letters of another word or phrase, such as satin to stain.     换音造词法，回文构词法变换字母顺序以形成另一词，如Satin变为Stain
 All their efforts are pushing towards a reorganization of the prison system.     他们正尽一切努力，以重建一套新的监狱体制。
 The manager gave her a blank cheque to reorganize the department in any way she thought fit.     为了能按照她认为合适的方法去整顿这一部门，经理授予她自由行动的权力。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The firm repaid her hard work with a bonus.     公司发给她奖金以酬谢她工作努力。
 The brickwork in this house is in need of repair.     这所房子的砖造部分需要修理。
 A friend of his, a repairman who knew the condition of the car, kept urging him to trade his old car for a new model.     他的一个朋友，一个了解这辆汽车情况的修理工，劝他把那辆旧车作价再补些钱买辆新型的。
example sentence not found
 The repairs to the school will be financed by the educational department.     学校的修缮将由教育部门出资。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The firm repaid her hard work with a bonus.     公司发给她奖金以酬谢她工作努力。
 Mps are pressing for the repeal of the immigration act.     下院议员正在施加压力使移民法得以废止。
 He repeated several times that he was busy.     他一再说他很忙。
example sentence not found
 He repeated her statement word for word.     他一字不差地重复她的话。
 The technique of repeatedly using the same areas of internal storage during different stages of a program.     在一个程序的不同执行阶段重复地使用内存中相同区域的技术。
example sentence not found
 To regret one's errors to the point of not repeating them is true repentance.     对自己的错误后悔到不致重犯的程度是真正的后悔。
 The crew repelled the attack.     船员击退了进攻。
 Disgusting, loathsome, or repellent.     令人生厌的，令人反感的，引起厌恶的
 Have you nothing to repent of?     你没有可懊悔的事吗？
 Sudden friendship, sure repentance.     仓促结友谊，肯定悔莫及。
 The church is always willing to welcome repentant sinners back to the fold.     教会总是乐意欢迎忏悔的罪人回到信徒的行列中来。
 A sharp reaction; a repercussion.     强烈反应后果，影响
example sentence not found
 She acted with a repertory company for three years.     她在一个轮演剧目剧团里演出三年。
 Lacking power to evoke interest through overuse or repetition; hackneyed.     陈腐的，老一套的因久用或重复而失去引起兴趣的力量的，老生常谈的
 Popular dance music characterized by strong repetitive bass rhythms.     迪斯科音乐特点是强烈重复基本旋律的一种流行舞蹈音乐
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We've replaced the old adding machine with a computer.     我们用电脑取代了老式的加法计算器。
 A replaceable printed circuit board.     一种可替换的印制电路板。
 Good job they have get a replacement for him.     他们把他替换下来真不错。
example sentence not found
 The teams finished level, so they'll replay the match on Wednesday.     两个队打成平局，所以他们将在星期三再赛一场。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What a sage reply you gave!     多聪明的回答啊！
 You should have reported them to the police.     你应当向警方控告他们的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The attack was reportedly planned to the last detail.     据说这次进攻每一个细节都做了周密的计划。
 He is a reporter from Xinhua agency.     他是一名新华社记者。
 The owl hunts while you repose in bed.     你躺在床上安然入睡时，猫头鹰却要去觅食。
 Object repository support for creating shared, reusable form and data module.     用于创建共享、可重用窗体和数据模块的对象储存库支持。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Morally reprehensible; bad.     道德败坏的道德上应受指责的；坏的
 She represented her fellow-workers at the union meeting.     她在工会会议上代表她的同事。
 This painting is a representation of a storm at sea.     这幅画表现的是海上风暴。
 Are your opinions representative of the other students?     你的意见是否代表其他学生的意见？
 All protests are brutally repressed by the government as illegal.     所有的抗议活动都遭到当局的野蛮镇压，并被宣布为非法。
 A technique used to relieve tension and anxiety by bringing repressed feelings and fears to consciousness.     精神发泄法一种通过解除自我压抑和恐惧而缓解紧张和焦虑的方法
 The government's repression of the strike failed.     政府对这次罢工的镇压失败了。
example sentence not found
 A temporary immunity or exemption; a reprieve.     宽恕；赦免临时性的豁免或免除；缓期，暂减
 The principal reprimand the student for his chronic lateness.     校长斥责那个学生不该接二连三地迟到。
 He must reprint much material from various magazines and books in preparing to write his papers.     他得从各种书籍、杂志上复印一大批材料来准备写论文。
example sentence not found
 She reproached her husband for having forgotten their wedding anniversary.     她责怪丈夫忘了他们的结婚周年纪念日。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The photograph of the painting reproduces the colors of the original extremely well.     这幅画的照片绝妙地再现了原作的色彩。
example sentence not found
 This is not the original; it's only a cheap reproduction.     这不是原作，它只不过是廉价的复制品。
 Isn't it odd that flowers are the reproductive organs of the plants they grow on?     长在植物上面的花就是它们的生殖器官，那岂不是妙得很吗？
 A term applied to a storage medium that permits data to be removed, leaving the medium in a condition to receive new data. Magnetic tape, for example, iserasable and paper tape is not. The term is also applied to a read-only memory(integrated circuit) that can be reprogrammed by the user.     用来修饰说明某种存储媒体，可以将其存储的数据除去，以便存储新的数据。例如磁带是可擦除的，纸带是不可擦除的。该术语也用于可重新编程的只读存储器（集成电路）。
 Impatient of reproof, he left his parents and went away.     忍受不了责难，他离开父母出走了。
 I stand corrected and reprove myself.     我承认有错并予自责。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The People's Republic of China will be represented by the largest sports delegation ever sent abroad.     中华人民共和国将派出一个规模空前的体育代表团（参加这次运动会）。
 Charles is a dyed-in-the-wool Republican.     查尔斯是个彻头彻尾的共和党人。
example sentence not found
 Feeling repugnance or loathing.     感到厌恶的，感到憎恨的
 I find his racist views totally repugnant.     我十分厌恶他的种族主义观点.
 She repulsed his proposal.     她拒绝了他的求婚。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She is a reputable expert.     她是个有声望的专家。
 He earned a high reputation for his learning.     他在学识方面享有很高的声誉。
 The condition of having lost honor or good repute.     耻辱，羞辱失去荣誉或好名声的状态
 She is reputed to be rich.     据说她很有钱。
 Your presence is requested at the meeting.     请你务必出席会议。
 It is requested that all members be present at the party.     全体会员都被要求出席这次晚会。
example sentence not found
 All passengers are required to show their tickets.     所有乘客都必须出示车票。
 The ships required the protection of naval and air power.     船只本身需要海军和空军的保护。
 The refugees' main requirements are food and shelter.     难民的主要必需品是食物和住所。
 She expect to achieve the requisite two-thirds majority for nomination.     她期望得到获得提名所必需的三分之二多数。
 The army requisition all the truck to carry supplies.     军队征用了所有卡车，目的是为了运输车需品。
 A full requital of his striving pain.     这是对他艰苦努力的圆满回报。
 I'll requite you for your help.     我想报答你的帮助。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Had Jim not dived in to rescue him, the boy would have drowned.     如果不是吉姆跳下水去救，那小孩早就淹死了。
 The one and only way to rescuer him is to lower down a rope.     营救他的唯一办法是往下放一根绳索。
 Research workers are examining the problem.     研究人员正在研究那个问题。
 One of the difficulties of researchers in a fast-moving area like computer science is keeping abreast of current developments.     在飞速发展的领域中，如计算机科学，研究人员遇到困难之一是跟上当今的发展水平。
 Speculators are thick on the ground-literally speaking. They buy up land, sit on it for a year of two and resell for several times what they paid.     不夸张地说，投机商多得很，他们买下土地，然后放它个一两年，再以几倍于以前的价格卖出去。
 Your story shows little resemblance to the facts.     你说的与事实相去甚远。
 She resembles her sister in appearance but not in character.     她和她姐姐外貌相似，但性格不同。
 I bitterly resent his attempts to interfere in my work.     我非常讨厌他企图干涉我的工作。
 I bitterly resent his attempts to interfere in my work.     我非常讨厌他企图干涉我的工作。
 He is resentful at the way he has been treated.     他对所受的待遇感到忿恨。
 The resentment festered in his mind.     他心中的愤恨有增无减。
 His family are living in an Indian reservation.     他全家都住在一个印第安居留地里。
 Please reserve a seat for me.     请为我预定一个座位。
 She is not usually so reserved.     她通常不如此缄默。
 They open the sluice gates of reservoir.     他们打开水库的闸门。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Who let out the details of the reshuffle in the department?     是谁泄漏了部门重组的细节?
 This family has resided in this city for 60 years.     这个家族住在本城已有60 年了。
 They have a summer residence in the countryside.     他们在乡间有夏季住宅。
example sentence not found
 I have been resident in this hotel for two weeks.     我已经在这家旅馆里住了两个星期了。
 A town of northeast Massachusetts, a primarily residential suburb of Boston. Population, 22,539.     里丁镇位于马萨诸塞州东北部的一城镇，原为波士顿一住宅的郊区。人口22，539
 Residual deposits of soil, dust, and rock particles produced by the action of the wind.     残积层由于风力所产生的土壤、灰尘和岩石细粒的堆积物
 The residue after an ore or other material has been washed.     洗后的渣矿物或其他物质洗后剩下的渣滓
 She resigned her children to the care of a neighbor.     她委托邻居照顾她的孩子。
 I'll accept my fate with resignation.     我将听天由命。
 A lot of people would have resigned in the face of such accusations, but he stayed and toughed it out.     面对这样的指责，许多人都会辞职的，然而他却留下并硬是挺了过来。
 Rubber has more resilience than wood.     橡胶有比木头更大的弹性。
 A light or resilient manner of moving or walking.     轻快的或充满活力的移动或步伐
 Coated with wax or resin.     涂蜡的，涂树脂的
 They are determined to resist invasion.     他们决定抵抗入侵。
 There has been a lot of resistance to this new law.     反对这项新法律的人很多。
 Resistant to penetration by water but not entirely waterproof.     抗水的能抵抗水的渗透但不完全防水的
 He was resolute in carrying out his plan.     他执行计划是坚决的。
 Our troops stood out resolutely against the long siege of the enemy.     我们的部队顽强地顶住了敌人长时间的围困。
 He moved a resolution in the meeting.     他在会议上提出了一个决议。
 The discussion resolved itself into a pleasant chat.     讨论变成了愉快的闲聊。
 Given sufficient goodwill on both sides, there's no reason why this dispute shouldn't be resolved.     只要双方都有充分的善意，这种纠纷是没有理由解决不了的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A deep resonant sound, as of an explosion.     隆隆声低沉而有回响的声音，比如爆炸声
example sentence not found
 You should have resorts to your parents.     你应该求助于你的父母。
 The whole building resounded the siren's warning.     整个大楼回响着警报声。
 His fame resounded all over the world.     他名扬全球。
 Resources management is an important business skill.     资源管理是一项重要的经营技能。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The government tried to prevent the diminution of resources.     政府试图阻止资源的减少。
 I deeply respect her courage.     我深深敬佩她的勇气。
example sentence not found
 She is a respectable married woman.     她是个受人尊敬的已婚妇女。
example sentence not found
 The teacher is no respecter of his students.     这位老师不偏袒任何学生。
 He behaved in a respectful way.     他的举止彬彬有礼。
example sentence not found
 The capacity for or the practice of recognizing and respecting the beliefs or practices of others.     宽容；忍耐力承认并尊重他人的信仰或行为的能力或行动
 Product name is trademark or registered trademark of their respective owner.     产品名称为它们各自所有者的商标或注册商标。
 German and Italian courses are held in munich and rome respectively.     德语和意大利语课程分别设於慕尼黑和罗马。
 German biochemist. He won a1931 Nobel Prize for research on the respiration of cells.     瓦尔堡，奥托・亨利希1883－1970德国生化学家。因其对细胞呼吸的研究而获得1931年的诺贝尔奖
example sentence not found
 A medicine for relieving disorders of the chest or respiratory tract.     祛痰药，舒胸药一种用于缓解胸部或呼吸道不适的药物
example sentence not found
 A welcome respite from hard work.     刻苦工作后令人愉快的短暂休息
example sentence not found
 The princess arrived, resplendent in a new white dress.     公主光彩照人地穿着一身雪白的新礼服来了。
 I invited her to dinner but she did not respond.     我请她吃晚饭，但她未作回答。
example sentence not found
 She made no response to my letter.     她没有回我的信。
 The manufacturers disclaim all responsibility for the damage caused by misuse.     因使用不当造成的损坏，生产厂家不负任何责任。
 She holds a very responsible position in the firm.     她在公司里身居要职。
example sentence not found
 Not responsive, as to treatment or stimuli.     无感应的对治疗或刺激没有反应的
 I always rest for an hour after dinner.     晚饭后，我总要休息一小时。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The prices in that restaurant are absolutely ruinous.     那家餐馆的价格贵得能把人坑死。
example sentence not found
 Pastel colours are restful to the eye.     清淡柔和的颜色可以养目。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The children grew restless with the long wait.     孩子们等了很久便著急了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The restoration of data to a previously known or defined state.     将数据恢复到先前已知或规定的状态。
 Nature has an exhilarative and restorative effect.     大自然具有使人畅快并恢复体力的效果。
 I feel quite restored to health after my holiday.     假期过后，我觉得健康恢复得相当不错。
 She tried to restrain her sobs.     她设法抑制住自己的悲泣。
 Some children must be restrained in their own interests.     有些孩子必须约束一下，这对他们有好处。
 Restraint in artistic expression.     束缚艺术表达的限制
 Fog restricted visibility.     雾天能见度很低。
 You are restricted to eight liters of duty-free wine.     携带的免税酒不得超过八升。
 Membership in this club is restricted to man under 30.     俱乐部的成员限定在三十岁以下。
 The sale of firearms is subject to many legal restrictions.     出售枪支受到许多法律限制。
 A category, especially an overly restrictive one.     分类，类别分类，尤指受过度限制分类
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 If this football team doesn't get a result tonight, they will be put down into a lower division.     如果今晚这支足球队不能赢球，他们将会被降级。
example sentence not found
 Tax was low and state spending was high, resulting in a budget deficit.     税率低而政府支出大, 结果出现预算赤字.
 The collapse of the strike enabled the company to resume normal bus services.     罢工的失败使公司恢复了正常的公共汽车营业。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His resurrection frightened us.     他的复活吓坏了我们。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I bought the milk retail.     我以零售方式买来这些牛奶。
 The retailer accepted the shipment on consignment.     零售商接受了运来的寄售物品
 He retained the best lawyer in the state to defend his case.     他为他的案子聘了该州最好的律师。
 Her new impression of him is strengthened by the evidence of an old Darcy family retainer who has nothing but good to say of Darcy.     她对于他的这种新印象，由于达西家一个老家仆的证明而又得到加深，这老家仆对达西赞不绝口。
example sentence not found
 He slapped his sister, who retaliated by kicking him.     他打了妹妹一巴掌, 他妹妹回敬他一脚.
example sentence not found
 The raid was purely retaliatory.     这次袭击完全是报复性的。
 Cold weather retards the growth of the crops.     寒冷的天气妨碍了庄稼生长。
 A person of mild mental retardation having a mental age of from7 to12 years and generally having communication and social skills enabling some degree of academic or vocational education. The term belongs to a classification system no longer in use and is now considered offensive.     痴愚者一个人智能迟缓发展，仅具有7岁到12岁的智能，一般在一定程度的学术或职业教育后能够进行交流和掌握社会技术。这个词是一个集合概念，现在不再使用，并被视为带有侮辱意味
 A substance that retards or arrests a chemical reaction.     反催化剂延缓或阻碍化学反应的物质
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Queen was flanked by a retinue of bodyguards and policemen.     女王左右有保镖和警察护卫着。
 The boxer retired from the contest with eye injuries.     该拳击手因眼部受伤而退出比赛。
 I put him down as a retired naval officer.     我看他是个退役的海军军官.
 The manager urged older staff to take up early retirement.     经理敦促年纪较大的职员提前退休。
 Retiring early from his job freed him to join several local clubs.     他早早退休, 摆脱了工作的羁绊而加入了当地的几个俱乐部.
example sentence not found
 He retorted, it's entirely your fault.     他反驳说：“这完全是你的错误。”
example sentence not found
 The police retraced the movements of the murder victim.     警方追溯了被谋杀者当时的动作。
 The accused refused to retract (his statement).     那被告拒不撤消（其供述）.
example sentence not found
 The accused refused to retract (his statement).     那被告拒不撤消（其供述）.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You can't retreat from the responsibility in this affair.     你不能回避在这一事件中的责任。
example sentence not found
 Retribution is at hand.     惩罚就要到来
example sentence not found
 A unit of a computer that preserves data for retrieval.     存储器存储数据以备日后查用的计算机部件
 I should like to retrieve my umbrella which I left in the car.     我想取回我留在车上忘记带走的雨伞。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 One's school life seem happier in retrospect than in reality.     学校生活回忆起来显得比实际上要快乐。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What time does your husband return from work?     你丈夫什么时候下班回家？
example sentence not found
 The stamp in your library book shows it must be returned tomorrow.     你从图书馆借的书上的戳记表明，这本书必须明天归还。
example sentence not found
 I asked him to bring me some raisins when he returns from Xinjiang.     我请求他从新疆回来时给我带些葡萄干。
example sentence not found
 Thanks invitation however regret unable join owing business pressure hoping reunion before christmas best regard.     谢谢邀请，很抱歉，由于商务繁忙不能前往。希望在圣诞节前能得到一叙。祝好。
 She hopes reuniting with her family.     她希望与家人团聚。
 She hopes reuniting with her family.     她希望与家人团聚。
 Object repository support for creating shared, reusable form and data module.     用于创建共享、可重用窗体和数据模块的对象储存库支持。
example sentence not found
 Rev it up to warm the engine.     让发动机转起来预热.
example sentence not found
 These few words fully revealed her noble quality.     这寥寥数语充分显示了她的高贵品质。
 The act or process of revealing or uncovering.     揭露，泄露；公开揭露或揭发的行为或过程
 The actress revels in all the attention she gets from the media.     这位女演员陶醉于传媒对她的吹捧。
 Have you read the ex-minister's amazing revelations in the newspaper?     你看了前任部长在报上揭露的那些惊人的事实没有？
 It seems sounds of drunken revelry.     那似乎是酗酒作乐的吵闹声。
 The knight swore he would revenge his father's death.     骑士发誓要为他父亲向敌人报仇。
 The Inland Revenue have sent me a tax bill for more than a hundred pounds, but they can't get blood out of a stone because I just haven't got the money.     国内税务署寄给我一张100多英镑的税单，不过他们不可能从石头里榨出油来，因为我并没有那么多钱。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The room reverberated with the noise of the shot.     房间里回响著枪声.
 I revere him greatly.     我很尊敬他.
 Feeling reverence, dread, or awe.     敬畏的感到尊敬，害怕或崇拜的
 The Very Reverend Jane Smith.     受人尊敬的简・史密斯
 The reverent love and devotion accorded a deity, an idol, or a sacred object.     崇拜对神、偶像或神圣物体带有敬畏或惊异的热爱与热诚
example sentence not found
 She fell into a reverie about her childhood.     她沉浸在对童年往事的遐想中。
 A reversal, as in policy; an about-face.     向后转转向反面，如在政策上；大转变
 The 50p coin has a crowned lion on its reverse.     50便士硬币反面的图案是个戴皇冠的狮子.
example sentence not found
 Reversion of land held under feudal tenure to the manor in the absence of legal heirs or claimants.     无继承人的土地规领主缺少法定继承人或继承申请者的封地的所有权的转归领主
 After her divorce she reverted to her maiden name.     她离婚后又重新使用娘家的姓。
 The play was very well reviewed.     这出戏得到很好的评价。
 Reviewer was dismissive, and the play closed within a week.     由於评论界持否定态度，该剧上演不到一周便停止了
example sentence not found
 You should revise your idea about him.     你应该修改对他的看法。
 The catalogue is under revision.     目录正在修订之中。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The patient had a speedy revival after her operation.     那个女病人在手术后迅速康复。
 Interest in classic music has revived recently.     近来对古典音乐的兴趣又浓厚起来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His driving licence was revoked after the crash.     他撞车后驾驶执照被吊销了。
 The colonists revolted against their British ruler.     殖民地人民反抗他们的英国统治者。
 He was the prime mover in the revolt against the government.     他是这场反政府叛乱的煽动者.
example sentence not found
 The act of turning or the condition of being turned; rotation or revolution.     转动，旋转转动的动作或被转动的状况；转动或旋转
 The revolutionaries are attacking the palace.     革命分子在攻打王宫。
example sentence not found
 The earth revolves round the sun.     地球环绕太阳运行。
 The man produced a revolver from his pocket.     那人从衣袋里掏出一支左轮手枪。
 A revolving cylindrical sieve used for screening or sizing rock and ore.     滚筒筛一种圆筒形的可旋转的筛，用于岩石和矿石的筛分或大小测量
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He got a reward for helping them.     他因帮助他们而拿到一笔酬金。
 She finds motherhood very rewarding.     她认为做母亲得偿所愿。
 In magnetic recording, a device which removes the magnetic tape from contact with the head on fast wind or rewind.     在磁记录技术中使用的一种机构，在快速进带或倒带时能把磁带移开，以免和磁头接触。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I am tired of the empty rhetoric of politicians.     我讨厌政客们的花言巧语。
 A statement or rhetorical discourse intended to give information about or an explanation of difficult material.     讲解为了给…提供信息陈述或比喻性的说明，或对有难点的题材的解释
example sentence not found
 She is afflicted with rheumatism.     她为风湿症所苦。
example sentence not found
 Where does this stream merge into the Rhine?     这条小河在什么地方与莱茵河合流？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The game wardens tranquillized the rhinoceros with a drugged dart.     猎物保护区管理员用麻醉射器让犀牛静了下来.
 A town of north-central Rhode Island, a manufacturing suburb of Providence. Population, 24,907.     约翰斯顿罗得岛州中北部城镇，位于普罗维登斯郊区，以制造业为主。人口24，907
example sentence not found
 This nursery rhyme is very familiar to me.     我对这首摇篮曲很熟悉。
 Stress and rhythm are important in speaking English.     说英语时, 重音和节奏是很重要的.
 The rhythmic stamping of the heels characteristic of Spanish flamenco dances.     踢达舞西班牙弗拉曼柯舞中特有的有节奏地踏足
 The measured, rhythmical sound of verse; meter.     韵律诗的节奏，韵律；音步
 It is not true that woman is made from man's rib; she is really made from his funny bone.     女人并非真的以男人的肋骨来造成的；其实，她是由男人的“笑骨”[尺骨]造成的。
 A variety show characterized by broad ribald comedy, dancing, and striptease.     粗俗的表演各种以下流粗俗的喜剧、舞蹈和脱衣舞为特征的表演
 She was constantly ribbed about her accent.     人家总拿她的口音开玩笑.
 The old man wore an eyeglass attached to a piece of ribbon.     那老人戴著单片眼镜，上面连结著一条丝带。
 The peasants are harvesting rice in the field.     农民们正在田野里收割稻子。
 The country is rich in oil and coal.     这个国家石油和煤的资源丰富。
 Late again, Richard? What's your alibi this time?     理查德, 又迟到了? 这次你有什么藉口呢?
 The more riches a fool hath, the greater fool he is.     【谚】傻瓜越富越蠢。
 Richly ornamented clothing; finery.     华饰装饰华丽的衣物；华服
example sentence not found
 The richness of the soil favored the growth of crops.     土地的肥沃有利于运动员的生长。
 Rick found a sure-enough nickel.     里克发现一个纯正的镍币。
example sentence not found
 The ladder looks rather rickety; don't attempt to climb it unless you are sure you can do it with safety.     这梯子看起来不怎么牢固，除非能确保安全，否则你就不要去爬。
example sentence not found
 The man rid himself of debt.     他还清了债。
 He is ridden by doubts.     他为怀疑而苦恼。
 He could not solve the riddle.     他猜不出这个谜。
 The luxury model gives a smoother ride.     坐这种豪华型汽车感觉很平稳。
 The rider forced his horse on through the storm.     骑士迫使他的马在暴风雨中前进。
 The floor of the atlantic ridge in the middle from north to south.     大西洋洋底在中部形成由北向南的海脊。
 Scornfully contemptuous ridicule; derision.     嘲讽责备地鄙视可笑之事；嘲笑
 That fat woman looked ridiculous in her tight golden dress.     那位胖妇人穿着金色的紧身礼服，显得滑稽可笑。
example sentence not found
 Every Saturday Jean went riding on the village common.     每周六琴在村里的公用草地上骑马。
 His thesis is rife with errors.     他的学位论文错误连篇。
 The soldier told us where the firing mechanism of a rifle is.     那个士兵告诉我们哪儿是步枪的击发装置。
example sentence not found
 They rigged the little boy out as a sailor.     他们把小男孩打扮成水手模样。
 The Normans ruled England by right of conquest.     诺曼人征服了英格兰成了统治者。
example sentence not found
 The storm will blow over right away.     暴风雨很快就会平息。
 I go to bed at about eleven, and go right off to sleep.     我大约在十一点上床，躺下就睡着了。
 The abode of righteous souls after death; heaven.     善人灵魂安息的乐园正直的灵魂死后所住的地方；天堂
 Some folks in this world spend their whole time hunting after righteousness and can not find any time to practice it.     这世上有些人把整个时间花费于搜寻正义，却腾不出时间来付诸实践。
 I am the rightful owner of this car.     我是这辆新车的合法主人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Mr.Gorbachev and his reformist Kremlin allies are prepared to tolerate, even encourage, moderate nationalists who challenge central control and demand autonomy. But Moscow rightly feels that, in a polyglot country with102 different nationalities, ethnic violence is beyond the pale.     戈尔巴乔夫和他克里姆林宫改革派盟友们，准备容忍，甚至鼓励温和的民族主义分子向中央控制挑战并要求独立。可是莫斯科自有理由觉得：在一个操多种语言，由102个民族组成的国家里，族裔之间的暴力则属过分。
example sentence not found
 Rights are inseparable from duties.     权利和职责是分不开的.
 The caste refers to social system based on rigid distinctions of birth, rank, wealth, etc.     社会等级是指按照血统，阶级，财富等严格区分的社会制度。
example sentence not found
 An automobile designed to look like a convertible but having a rigidly fixed, hard top.     金属顶盖式汽车具有看似篷式汽车但却有固定的顶篷设计的汽车
example sentence not found
 The expedition suffered all the rigors of a Canadian winter.     这支探险队饱受了加拿大严冬的折磨。
 Rigorous or ceremonious adherence to established forms, rules, or customs.     拘泥形式遵照或顺从已被确认的形式、规则或习俗
example sentence not found
 Don't get riled.     别生气.
example sentence not found
 She opened the door, and the yellow light from inside rimmed about her.     她打开门，里面射出的灯光在她的身影四周镶了一圈黄色的边。
 According as I have rime, I'll go shopping.     如果我有时间，我就去买些东西。
 Please help me to cut off the rinds of lemons.     请帮我去掉柠檬的皮。
 The telephone is ringing.     电话响了。
 The lake is ringed with willows.     该湖四周柳树环绕。
 It is time for the ringers to change off.     是敲钟人换班的时候了。
 The child's hair fell in ringlets.     小孩的卷发自然下垂
example sentence not found
 The popular song rings far and near.     这首流行歌曲到处流传。
example sentence not found
 Rinse the clothes.     把衣服涮一涮。
 A native or inhabitant of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.     巴西里约热内卢人或里约热内卢的居民
 The police stopped several riots on election night.     警方在竞选之夜制止了几处骚乱。
 He was charged with riotous behaviour.     他被控聚众闹事。
 The poster had been ripped to pieces.     那张广告画已被撕得粉碎。
example sentence not found
 These apples are not ripe; they are sour.     这些苹果不熟，是酸的。
 Fruit sweetens as it ripens.     水果成熟後就好吃了.
example sentence not found
 The breeze rippled the quiet water.     微风吹皱了平静的水面。
example sentence not found
 The sun rises in the east.     太阳从东方升起。
 The river has risen (by) several metres.     河水上涨了好几米.
example sentence not found
 The mists was fleeing before the rising sun.     太阳慢慢升起，薄雾渐渐消失。
 He saved my life at the risk of his own.     他冒着自己的生命危险救了我的命。
 So risky as to require very deft handling.     冒险的冒险的，需灵巧处理的
example sentence not found
 The sacrament or rite of ordination.     神职仪式神职的任命或神职任命仪式
 A person trained in Jewish law, ritual, and tradition and ordained for leadership of a Jewish congregation, especially one serving as chief religious official of a synagogue.     犹太的法学博士在犹太法律、仪式及传统方面受过训练的人，并被任命主持犹太教集会，尤指在犹太教堂中作为主要神职的人员
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Tom and I were rivals for the job.     汤姆和我是这次求职的竞争对手。
 It's an usual rivalry between brother and sister.     那是兄妹之间常见的钩心斗角。
example sentence not found
 The guide led us to the river.     向导带领我们到河边。
example sentence not found
 My dog heeled me all the way to the riverside.     我那条狗一路紧跟著我跑到河边。
 I was absolutely riveted by her story.     她的故事完全把我吸引住了。
 Can I fasten these metal plates with rivets?     我可以用铆钉把这些金属板固定在一起吗？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The road was blocked by a huge rock.     道路被一块大石头堵住了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We ate our meal by the roadside.     我们是在公路旁吃的饭。
example sentence not found
 A raised roadway, as across water or marshland.     堤道加高的行道，如穿过水洼或沼泽的道路
 Bison used to roam through the American great plains, but most of them are slaughter by hunter.     从前野牛在美国大平原上漫游，但是大多数都被猎人屠杀了。
 He spent much of his spare time roaming about the streets.     他把大部分的闲暇时间用来逛街。
example sentence not found
 The football crowd roared.     足球观众大喊起来。
 The news was greeted with roaring cheers among the workers.     工人们听到这消息时都欢声雷动。
 The beef is roasting nicely on the spit.     这块牛肉在烤肉叉上烤得很好。
 The benefit party at$100 a ticket promises to be a real fine donkey roast.     这个募捐晚会，票价定为100美元1张，保证开成一个盛会。
 The silly ending robs the plot of any credibility.     这愚蠢的结尾使得整个情节变得一点都不可信。
 They kept a wary eye on the robber.     他们密切注意那个强盗。
 The police have excluded robbery as a motive for the murder.     警方已排除该谋杀案中有抢劫的动机.
 He robes himself in moonlight.     他沐浴在月光下。
 A slip of the tongue made me say Robert instead of Richard.     我说走了嘴把理查德说成了罗伯特.
 Roberts is a real cynic; he won't accept anything or anyone on face value.     罗伯特实在是一个玩世不恭的人；他不会对任何事或任何人信以为真。
 The people in our neighborhood are sending a round robin to the Air Force to protest the nice the jet planes make flying over our house.     我们这一带的居民在向空军部队递交一份有环形签名的抗议书，就喷气式飞机飞越我们住宅上空时产生的噪音问题提出抗议。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The toy robot moved forward with quick jerky steps.     玩具机器人一颠一颠地走得很快.
example sentence not found
 The old veteran could lay flat the most robust sportsman.     这位沙场院老将能把最强壮的运动员拖得筋疲力尽。
 The news of the president's murder rocked the nation.     总统被暗杀的消息震惊了全国。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A punk rocker.     庞克摇滚乐师
 They sent a distress rocket.     他们发出了一枚呼救信号火箭。
 He rocked back and forth in his rocking chair.     他坐在摇椅里前后摇晃着。
example sentence not found
 Be careful of that chair; it's a bit rocky.     当心，那椅子有些不稳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Spare the rod and spoil the child.     st. 不打不成器.
 The ladies rode in the carriage and we ran along beside.     女士们乘坐马车，我们则跟在车旁跑。
 The squirrel, an example of a rodent; introduced each new word with examples of its use.     松鼠，啮齿类动物的代表；举例介绍每一个生词的用法
example sentence not found
 Roes comes out with the strangest remarks at times.     罗斯不时地发表些极怪的议论。
 She gave me the elbow when she started going out with Roger.     她开始与罗杰外出约会, 就把我撇开了.
 The rogue passed it off as genuine.     那坏蛋拿它以假乱真。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The key role of the teacher in the learning process should not be neglected.     教师在学习中的关键作用是不该忽视的。
 The slow steady roll of the ship made him sick.     轮船不停地缓慢摇晃使他感到不适。
 A road roller is used in making and repairing roads.     压路机是用来修筑道路的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The city is girdled about with gently rolling hills.     该市为平缓起伏的丘陵所围绕着。
example sentence not found
 The above definition is set in roman; this example is in italics.     上面的定义用的是正体字排印的，本例句用的是斜体。
 He told us a romance about a prince who married a poor girl.     他给我们讲了一位王子娶了一个穷人家女孩的传奇故事。
example sentence not found
 He is a very romantic person.     他是个非常浪漫的人。
example sentence not found
 Rome is an Italian city.     罗马是意大利城市。
 We can see the puppies romping around in the garden.     我们可以看到在园子里跑来跑去的小狗。
 The baby was named Ronald after his uncle.     婴儿取叔父之名被命名为罗纳。
example sentence not found
 She went through the roof when I told her I'd crashed her car.     我告诉她我把她的汽车撞坏了，她气得大发雷霆。
 That hotel really rooked us.     那家旅馆可真敲了我们竹杠.
example sentence not found
 There is not so much room for these books.     没有这么大的地方来放这些书。
 Kenny tried to chum up with his new roommate but was only partially successful.     肯尼想和他的新室友拉交情，但只取得了几分成功。
 Capable of containing a large quantity; spacious or roomy.     宽敞的能够容纳很大数量的；宽敞的或宽松的
 Her selfishness will come home to roost someday.     她的自私总有一天会得到报应。
 The cap of a jester, decorated to resemble the comb of a rooster.     小丑的帽子小丑的帽子，装饰得像公鸡的肉冠
 Unhappiness is the root cause of his illness.     不开心是他生病的根源。
example sentence not found
 They tied their prisoner up with a piece of rope.     他们用绳索把犯人捆起来。
 We did not start until the sun rose in the east.     直到太阳从东方升起，我们才出发。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There is a rosebush near the fence and it is very beautiful.     篱笆附近有一丛玫瑰，长得非常美丽。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She painted a rosy picture of the firm's future.     她为公司的前景描绘了一幅美好的图画。
 He thinks that the rot set in when the country was opened up to tourists.     他认为自从国家向旅游者开放之时起，腐败就开始了。
 A device for transmitting rotary motion, consisting of a handle or arm attached at right angles to a shaft.     曲柄一个传递转动的部件，包括一个手柄或把手与一个轴直角相连
 He rotates the handle gently.     他轻轻地转动手柄。
 In rotating, the shaft splashes oil up into the bearings.     当轴旋转的时候就把油溅入轴承。
 The seasons follow each other in rotation.     四季循环交替。
example sentence not found
 He can say the whole of the English Bible by rote.     他能把整本英语《圣经》硬背出来。
 They have a rotten deal.     他们受到不公平的待遇。
example sentence not found
 The ship will berth at rotterdam on Wednesday.     该轮将于星期三停泊在鹿特丹港。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 That evening the children wore lipstick and rouge, they looked like dolls.     这天晚上，孩子们都涂胭脂口红，看起来就像洋娃娃。
 They complained rough handling by the police.     他们抱怨受到警察粗野的对待。
 Roughly speaking, I would say that about100 people attended the exhibit.     粗略地说来，我想大约有100人参观了展览。
 The earth moves round the sun.     地球绕着太阳运转。
 At the roundabout, take the third exit.     在环状交叉路口，从第三条出路驶出。
 The police rounded up those rogues.     警察逮捕了那些恶棍。
 The bill should have been$29.54 so I round it up to$30.     账单本来应该是92。54美元，我凑个整数把它调高到了30美元。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The news roused great indignation.     这条消息引起了极大的愤慨。
 Our party was routed at the election.     我们党在竞选中被彻底击败了。
 The flight is routed to Chicago via New York.     这个航班被安排经纽约飞往芝加哥。
example sentence not found
 She found it difficult to establish a new routine after retirement.     她发觉退休后很难建立起新的生活规律。
example sentence not found
 The routing or controlling routines of Subsystem Support Services. This routine provides multitasking and control support, on a priority basis, for all Subsystem Support Services functions.     子系统支持服务程序的路径选择或控制程序。此程序根据所有子系统支持服务功能的优先级提供多任务和控制支持。
 His eyes roved around the room.     他的眼睛扫视着房间的每个角落。
 Their dog Rover lives in a kennel in the back garden.     他们的小狗罗佛的窝在后花园。
 They are rowing again.     他们又吵起来了。
 I have to sit on the class when they get too rowdy.     班上学生太闹时，我就得管一管。
example sentence not found
 Will you join us in rowing?     你愿意和我们一起划船吗?
 The new law has received the royal assent.     新的法规已得到国王的批准。
example sentence not found
 The flag is only raised when royalty are present.     只有在王室成员在场的时候才升起这面旗帜。
 He rubbed his hands to keep them warm.     他揉搓着双手来取暖。
 Rubber boots are impervious to water.     橡胶鞋是防水的。
 He stretched the rubber band till it snapped.     他把橡皮筋啪的一声拉断了.
example sentence not found
 That new TV show is absolutely rubbish.     那个新的电视节目一点儿价值都没有。
 The ceiling collapsed and rubble poured into the room.     天花板坍塌了, 碎砖破瓦掉落到了屋里.
example sentence not found
 The ruby sets off the diamond.     红宝石把钻石衬托得更美丽。
 He was eager to get out of the (common) ruck and distinguish himself in some way.     他渴望出人头地, 在某方面与众不同.
 She swung the rucksack (up) onto her back.     她把帆布背包转到身後.
 A part or surface, such as a wing, propeller blade, or rudder, whose shape and orientation control stability, direction, lift, thrust, or propulsion.     翼剖面；机翼；翼面一个部件或平面，如机翼、螺旋桨叶、方向舵等，其形状或方位控制稳定性、方向、抬升、冲击或驱动
 The fire cast a ruddy glow over the city.     这场火把城市上空映得一片通红。
 It's very rude of her to leave without telling us.     她不向我们打声招呼就走了，这是非常不礼貌的。
 She was an odd fish, ignorant of common life, fond of rudely opposing established opinions.     她是个怪人，不懂日常的社交生活，喜欢粗鲁地反对既定的见解。
 Your rudeness had offended many people.     你的粗鲁已激怒了很多人。
example sentence not found
 Sylvia's rudimentary knowledge of chess was more than enough to beat Peter, who had seldom played the game before; on the country of the blind….     西尔维尔的象棋基础知识足以战胜彼得，因为彼得以前很少参加比赛，山中无老虎，猴子称王…。
example sentence not found
 I rue never having been to university.     我后悔从未上过大学。
 He was rueful for joining the army.     他感到后悔去参军。
 He is one of the greatest ruffians who ever cheated the gallows.     他是一个曾经逃过绞刑的最坏的恶棍。
 A flag ruffled in the breeze.     旗帜迎风飘扬。
 She put a rug over the sleeping child.     她给睡著的孩子盖上了毯子.
 The primarily defensive players in soccer, field hockey, and rugby.     防守队员英式足球、曲棍球和橄榄球中主要的防守队员
 The path to glory is always rugged.     通向光荣的道路常常是崎岖的。
 The rain ruined my painting.     这场雨把我的画给毁了。
 The vessel was ruined by a submarine.     那艘船是被潜水艇毁坏的。
 They took a ruinous expenditure on the house.     他们为了那所房子倾家荡产。
 The rule is that someone must be on duty at all times.     按照规定，任何时候均需有人值班。
 As a rule of thumb, a one-cent-a-gallon gasoline tax raises$1 billion. Oil producers in President-elect Bush's adopted state of Texas, however, would rather see a tax on imported crude oil.     一般情形是，每加仑加汽油一分钱的税可以征收10亿元。可是，在布什第二家乡德克萨斯州的产油商宁愿看见在进口原油上征税。
 Sultan is sovereign ruler of certain Muslim countries.     苏丹是某些穆斯林国家的最高统治者。
 The new ruling gives effect to the recommendations of the special committee.     这一新裁定使特别委员会的推荐生效.
 The rum is 30% below proof.     朗姆酒低於标准度数30%.
 The thunder rumbled in the distance.     远处雷声隆隆。
example sentence not found
 The cow began to ruminate after eating up grass.     牛吃完草后开始反刍。
example sentence not found
 There is a rumor that there will be a General Election in the autumn.     据传闻今秋将举行普选。
 There's a rumour going round that Sue and David are having an affair.     有谣传称休和戴维关系暧昧.
 He ordered a juicy rump steak.     他要了一份多汁的后腿肉牛排。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The petrol is running out.     汽油快要耗尽了。
 The runaway horse was cornered in a field.     那匹跑掉的马在田地里被圈住了.
 I missed the meeting. Can you give me the rundown?     我没能叁加会议，你能告诉我会议的概要吗？
 A bell rung as a call to recite this prayer.     天使经钟用来号召进行这种祈祷的钟声
 The runner shot ahead (of the rest).     那个赛跑的人向前飞奔而去（把其他人抛在後面）.
example sentence not found
 The boy avoided punishment by running away.     那个男孩逃跑来逃避惩罚。
 All those men were jostling with each other on the running track, as if the result was so important.     瞧那些人在跑道上你冲我撞的，似乎比赛的结果真的就是那样重要。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The plane taxied/was taxiing along the runway.     飞机在跑道上滑行.
example sentence not found
 He'll rupture a muscle if he goes on dancing like that!     他要是继续那样跳舞，会跳得皮开肉裂！
 Resembling or having the characteristics of country life; rural.     农村的象农村生活的，具有农村生活特点的；乡下的
example sentence not found
 They rushed up the stairs.     他们冲到楼上。
 The rush hour traffic is murder.     交通高峰时间真是难以忍受之事
 Some teachers went to Russia to be educated in fine arts.     有些老师去俄罗斯接受美术教育。
 Do you speak Russian?     你会说俄语吗？
 The metal has corroded (away) because of rust.     该金属已锈蚀.
 His rustic speech and ways made him uncomfortable in the city school.     他土里土气的语言和生活方式使他在城里的中学感到不舒服。
example sentence not found
 I'll try and rustle you up something to eat.     我设法给你弄点吃的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The bottom of the boat was rusty.     船底生锈了。
 My bike bumped over the ruts.     我的自行车在凹凸不平的车辙道上颠颠簸簸.
 Ruth is always truthful and anything she says will be accredited.     露丝总是诚实的，所以她所说的任何话都会被人相信。
 He was utterly ruthless in his determination to succeed.     他下定决心争取成功。
 Any of a class of simple proteins found in the seeds of wheat, rye, and other grains.     醇溶谷蛋白在小麦，黑麦和其它谷类的种子中发现的简单蛋白类的一种
 That Sabbath day was a high day.     那个安息日是一个宗教节日。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Down the sable flood they glided.     他们在黑黝黝的洪水中随波逐流。
 Several acts of sabotage are committed against radio station.     发生好几起对电台财产的蓄意破坏。
example sentence not found
 An air-filled sac or structure that aids in the flotation of an aquatic organism.     气囊水生动植物器官中用来帮助飘浮用的充满气体的囊或结构
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There is a sack of potatoes at the corner of the room.     屋子一角有一袋马铃薯。
 There is a sack of potatoes at the corner of the room.     屋子一角有一袋马铃薯。
 The sacrament or rite of ordination.     神职仪式神职的任命或神职任命仪式
 This area was hallowed by sacred memories.     这个地区由于宗教上的纪念意义而被视为圣地。
 Success in your job is not worth the sacrifice of your health.     以牺牲健康来求得工作上的成功是不值得的。
 Putting water in brandy is sacrilege.     在白兰地中掺水是可恶的事。
example sentence not found
 My weekends are sacrosanct.     我的周末是很宝贵的。
 Sad to say, she hasn't given us permission to do it.     不幸的是，她没准许我们做这件事。
 He was saddened at the memory of her death.     他想到她已死去就很难过。
example sentence not found
 The boss saddled her with all the most difficult customers.     老板把那些最难应付的顾客全推给她了。
example sentence not found
 The guards are sadistic beasts and their leader is the devil incarnate.     那些警卫都是残暴的野兽，他们的首领是个魔鬼的化身。
 She sighs deeply for no conspicuous reason, yearns, suffers and looks in the air extremely sadly. This is soul.     她没有明显的理由而却深深叹息、渴望、烦闷、极端悲伤地望着天空。这就是灵魂。
 To know happness one must first experience sadness.     只有经历过悲痛的人才能了解幸福的滋味。
 A team of african bearer come with us on safari.     有一队非洲脚夫和我们一起进行狩猎旅行。
 The rescuers brought the climbers back safe and sound.     救援人员把登山的人都平安地救了回来。
 We make copies of our computer disks as a safeguard against accidents.     我们复制了计算机磁盘以防意外。
example sentence not found
 The pilot landed the plane safely.     驾驶员使飞机安全降落。
 The safety of the ship is the captain's responsibility.     确保船只的安全是船长的责任。
 Thanks to I had tied then the safety belt.     幸亏我当时系上了安全带。
example sentence not found
 The chair sagged down under the fat man's weight.     椅子经这胖人一坐便压弯了。
 The novelist had issued many saga novels.     那个小说家已经发表了很多长篇小说。
 He is a sagacious person.     他是个精明的人。
 The judge has excellent sagacity.     那个法官有敏锐的洞察力。
 Confucius is considered the greatest of the ancient Chinese sages.     孔子被认为是中国古代最伟大的圣贤。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A region of northern Africa south of the Sahara and north of the equator. It extends across the continent from the Atlantic coast to the mountains of Ethiopia.     苏丹非洲北部一地区，位于赤道以北，撒哈拉大沙漠以南，从大西洋沿岸横贯大陆至埃塞俄比亚山脉
 You said it.     你算说对了。
 This ship sails for New York on Monday.     这船将于星期一开往纽约。
 Our sailboat turned turtle during the squall.     在风暴中我们的帆船翻了个底朝天
example sentence not found
 I felt comfortable sailing on the smoothness of the sea.     在平静的海面上航行我感到很舒服。
 The sailor shook out a sail.     海员扬起一面帆。
 You need the patience of a saint for this job.     做这种工作，你得有圣人般的好耐性。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I'm not talking for talking's sake; this is important!     我现在不是为了说话而说话，我要说的事很重要！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This salad is made of apple, pear, potato and celery.     这份色拉是由苹果、梨、土豆和芹菜做成的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Are you a wage-earner or salaried?     你是工人还是职员？
 The salary they pay me is none too high.     他们付给我的薪水不太高。
 The latest model of this washer is now on sale in your shops.     这种最新型号的洗衣机目前正在你们的商店中出售。
 If you look at the annual harvest, the overall look of an entire harvest is yellowish-green not an attractive colour and not a saleable color.     如果你看一下每年的采捞情况，整体上珍珠看起来是微黄发绿的，没有诱人的色泽就没有好价钱。
 The promotion of merchandise sales, as by coordinating production and marketing and developing advertising, display, and sales strategies.     商品促销商品销售的促销，如通过协调生产与销售以及做广告、办展览和制订销售战略
example sentence not found
 The customer was angry with the salesgirl for her impolite answer.     那位顾客对女店员不客气的回答感到忿怒。
example sentence not found
 The salesman had already wrapped up a couple of deals by lunch-time.     那个售货员在午饭前已经做完了几笔生意.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A salesperson courting a potential customer.     一位正在说服有可能与之成交的顾客的推销员
 The quiet girl has come to life since she worked as a saleswoman.     那个少言寡语的姑娘自从当上售货员后变得活跃起来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A plant that grows in saline soil.     盐生植物一种生长在盐分土壤上的植物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Saliva is secretion of the salivary glands.     唾液是唾液腺的分泌物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sally and Michael seem to be cut out for each other.     萨莉和迈克尔看起来很相配.
 We dined on smoked salmon.     我们晚餐吃的是熏鲑鱼.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The company is introducing a new family saloon this year.     公司准备今年推出一种新型家庭轿车。
 The vegetables need more salt.     这些蔬菜需要加些盐。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Even the plot which had been considered too salty ever to grow anything on brought in a thousand jin of grain last year.     就连那块被认为是不能种什么东西的盐碱地，去年也户了一千斤粮食。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We usually begin a letter with a salutation.     我们通常用称呼作为一封信的开头。
 They saluted the Queen by firing ten guns.     他们鸣礼炮十响向女王致敬。
example sentence not found
 Salvage of the wreck is made difficult by bad weather.     船遇难後因天气恶劣救援工作十分困难。
 But above all, if he has St. Paul's perfection, that he would wish to be anathema from Christ, for the salvation of his brethren, it shows much of a divine nature, and a kind of conformity with Christ himself.     最后，如果一个人竟能像《圣经》中的圣保罗那样，肯为了兄弟们的得救甚至甘于忍受神的诅咒；那么他就必定超越了凡人，而且有真正基督徒的品格了。
 This kind of salve is used on wounds.     这种药膏是用在伤口处。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sam, what are you doing?     山姆，你要干吗？
example sentence not found
 Twins look the same as each other.     双胞胎看上去长得一样。
 Sameness or dull repetition in sound, style, manner, or color.     单调声音、文体、风格和色彩的同样性或单调的重复
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We sampled the stuff and found it satisfactory.     我们抽验了这批材料，认为满意。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 San Francisco, open your Golden Gate, sang the girl in the theatre.     “旧金山，敞开你的金门吧！”剧院里的那位歌女演唱道。
example sentence not found
 God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it.     上帝祝福第七天并且使它成为神圣的日子。
example sentence not found
 Western nations imposed tough sanctions on the country.     西方各国对这个国家实行了严厉制裁。
 We should respect the sanctity of marriage.     我们应该尊重婚姻的神圣。
 The ancient privilege of sanctuary was transferred to the Christian temple.     古代的庇护特权转移到了基督教的教堂。
example sentence not found
 The roads were sanded after the snowstorm.     道路在暴风雪之后铺上了沙子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I hear that Sandra is going to have a baby, but I don't know if she's told her parents yet so keep it to yourself.     我听说桑德拉怀孕了，但不知道她是否已告诉了她父母，所以不要告诉别人。
 The wind blew from the desert and covered everything with sand.     沙漠那边吹来的风把所有的东西都蒙上了一层沙子.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was sandwiched between two fat women.     他被夹在两个胖女人中间。
 I prefer a sandy beach to a shingle one.     我喜欢沙滩，不喜欢遍布小石子的海滩.
 She have a sane attitude towards diving and never go too fast.     她对於跳水的态度很明智，从不操之过急。
example sentence not found
 She sang an incomparable song.     她唱了一首无与伦比的歌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We are sanguine that we shall be succeeding.     我们自信会成功。
 Epidemic disease is often in connection with bad sanitary conditions.     流行病通常是和不良的卫生条件有关的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ship sank beneath the waves.     轮船沉没于波涛下面。
 Bishop of Myra in Asia Minor who is often associated with Santa Claus and the custom of gift-giving at Christmas.     尼古拉斯小亚细亚半岛上米拉的主教，他通常与圣诞老人和圣诞节赠送礼物的习俗联系在一起
 The sap flowed out when he broke the stem of the flower.     他把花茎折断，汁液就流了出来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She cut down the sapling with one chop.     她一斧子就把树苗砍倒了.
example sentence not found
 She had the sapphire set in a gold ring.     她把那枚蓝宝石镶在金戒指上了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sara was excited to see the rock band.     莎拉看到摇滚乐团很兴奋。
example sentence not found
 It was a good idea to tell my mother you didn't like her dress, she said with sarcasm.     跟我母亲说你不喜欢她的衣服，那可真是个好主意，她讽刺地说。
 He could feel their sarcastic tone about his poor work.     他能感觉到他们对他拙劣作品的讽刺语调。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ten of us were squashed together like sardines in the lift.     我们十个人在电梯里拥成一团.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The officer wears sashes on his shoulders.     这名军官的肩上佩戴着肩带。
 We sat on the chairs chatting in his living room.     我们坐在他起居室的椅子上聊天。
 The abode of condemned souls and devils in some religions; the place of eternal punishment for the wicked after death, presided over by Satan.     地狱某些宗教中被判有罪的灵魂或魔鬼居住的地方；邪恶之人死后永远受惩罚的地方，由撒旦统治
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Nothing could sate the careerist's greed for power.     什么也满足不了这个野心家的权力欲。
 Television stations around the world are linked by satellite.     全世界的电视台通过卫星联系一起。
 He was satiated with pleasure.     他厌倦了享乐。
example sentence not found
 The satin feels smooth.     这缎子摸起来很滑溜。
example sentence not found
 The party in power soon learns what it's like to be on the receiving end of political satire.     执政党很快就尝到了遭受政治讽刺的滋味.
example sentence not found
 English poet and diplomat known for his epigrams and light satirical verse.     普赖尔，马修1664－1721英国诗人和外交官，以其机智的短诗和略带讽刺的诗闻名
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She felt satisfaction at having her ability recognized.     她因自己的才能得到赏识而满足。
 The present system has worked satisfactorily, so why change it? My advice is to leave well alone.     目前这个制度执行情况令人满意，为什么要改变呢？我侍建议是听其自然。
 Everything was turning out most satisfactory.     一切都非常趁心如意。
 We are satisfied with the smoothness of the negotiation.     我们对谈判的顺利进行很满意。
 Some people are very hard to satisfy.     有些人是很难使其满意的。
 Let me reassure you( that) your service is quite satisfying.     让我向您保证，您的服务是很令人满意的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Water has been saturated with a special chemical.     水已被一种特殊化合物质吸收了。
 Designating color perceived to have zero saturation and therefore no hue, such as neutral grays, white, or black.     无色的无色的，因零饱和度而没有颜色，如中性灰色，白色，或黑色
 We will go to the cinema on Saturday morning.     我们将于星期六早晨去看电影。
 Saturn has several moons.     土星有好几颗卫星。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What sauces go best with fish?     吃鱼用什么沙司最好？
 Please put the saucepan away if you've finished with it.     你用完了那个长柄锅，就把它收起来。
 The tea slopped (over) into the saucer.     茶溢出流到茶托里了.
 You saucy little jade!     你这个糟女人!
 A coin of Saudi Arabia worth!/100 of a riyal.     哈拉拉一种沙特阿拉伯硬币，合！／100里亚尔
 A coin of Saudi Arabia worth!/100 of a riyal.     哈拉拉一种沙特阿拉伯硬币，合！／100里亚尔
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She loves sausage and mash.     她喜欢香肠和土豆泥。
example sentence not found
 Today's newspapers made a savage attack on the unions for their refusal to negotiate.     今天的报纸就工会拒绝谈判一事对工会进行了猛烈的抨击。
 The master tied me to a pillar and whipped me savagely.     主人把我捆在柱子上，用鞭子死命地抽我。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Children should learn to save.     孩子们应学会储蓄。
example sentence not found
 The saving club always pays out into time for Christmas.     存款俱乐部总是在圣诞节时及时将钱支出。
 My savings amount to $2000.     我的储蓄共达2000美元。
 My savings account draws5 per cent interest.     我的储蓄存款有五厘利息。
 Jesus Christ is styled the Savior.     耶稣基督被称为救世主。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Life seems to have lost most of its savor for him.     对他来说，生活似乎已失去了一切乐趣。
 This restaurant is famous for its savory dishes.     这家饭店以饭菜美味而出名。
 He drank the wine slowly, savouring every drop.     他慢慢地喝着酒，细细品尝着每滴酒的滋味。
 This place doesn't have a very savoury reputation.     这个地方的名声可不太好。
 Keep your mouth shut! Savvy?     闭上嘴! 懂吗?
 They are sawing a log into planks.     他们把原木锯成一块块厚板。
 A thin mattress filled with straw or sawdust.     木屑床垫填满草杆或木屑的一床薄垫子
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We are considering giving them greater say in such matters.     我们正考虑在这样的事情上给他们更多的发言权。
 Saying and doing should agree with each other.     言行应该一致。
 We can't judge a person by what he says but by what he does.     【谚】判断一个人，不听言语看行动。
 Don't just accept his say-so: find out for yourself.     别听他信口开河, 你得自己去弄清楚.
 We must appoint sb to act as secretary.     我们得指定一个人当秘书.
example sentence not found
 The scabbard is content to be dull when it protects the keenness of the sword.     刀鞘保护刀的锋利，它自己则满足于它的迟钝。
example sentence not found
 The brick-layer at the top of the scaffold is calling for more mortar.     脚手架顶上的砌砖工人喊着要人再送些灰浆上去。
example sentence not found
 This is an ointment for burns and scalds.     这是治疗烧伤和烫伤的药膏。
 As if scalding her arm wasn't enough, she went and broke her ankle the next day.     她烫伤了手臂还不算，竟然在第二天出去摔伤了踝节部。
 We are seeing unemployment on an unprecedented scale.     我们现在正经历规模空前的失业现象。
 The paint is scaling off.     油漆正在脱落。
example sentence not found
 She wears a dress with scallops around the neck.     她穿着一件领口有扇形皱褶的衣裙。　
 The Indians came back with their enemy's scalps.     印地安人带着敌人的头皮回来了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The children were scampering around the garden.     孩子们在花园里嬉戏奔跑。
 I scanned the newspaper when I was waiting for the bus.     等公共汽车的时候，我匆匆浏览了一下报纸。
 The recent scandal has provided the government's opponents with plenty of ammunition.     最近的丑闻给政府的反对派提供了大量的炮弹。
 The book contains scandalous text.     该书含有诽谤性的内容。
 The people of Scandinavia; the Scandinavians.     斯堪的纳维亚民族；斯堪的纳维亚人
 A supernatural creature of Scandinavian folklore, variously portrayed as a friendly or mischievous dwarf or as a giant, that lives in caves, in the hills, or under bridges.     巨人，巨怪斯堪的那维亚民间传说中的超自然的生物，时而被描述成友好的或顽皮的侏儒，时而被描述成巨人，居住在山洞里、小山上或桥下
example sentence not found
 The movers gave me a scant hour's notice of their arrival.     搬家的人只通知给我们短短的一小时，他们就来了。
 The beggar shivered in his scanty clothes.     乞丐穿着单薄，冻得发抖。
 The old curmudgeon found a new scapegoat and that let me out.     那个老守财奴找到一个新的替罪羊，这样我就脱身了。
 He had a scar on his arm from an accident.     他的手臂上因为事故留下了一个伤疤。
 I could scarce believe my eyes.     我几乎不敢相信自己的眼睛。
 He spoke scarcely a word of English.     他几乎连一个英文单词都不会说。
 The factory is in frequent scarcity of raw materials.     这个工厂经常原料不足。
 You did give me a scare.     你真吓了我一跳。
 The dog scared the thief away.     狗把小偷吓走了。
 She threw a scarf over her shoulders.     她在肩上披上一块肩巾。
example sentence not found
 The girl planted some scarlet sage in her garden.     女孩在她的花园里种了些一串红。
 James was quarantined for three weeks when he had scarlet fever.     詹姆士患猩红热后被隔离了三个星期。
example sentence not found
 The scars on his body lent colour to his claim that he had been tortured.     他说他受过折磨拷打, 从他身上的伤疤看来倒也可信.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The scathing editorial simply boils down to an exercise in partisan politics.     措词强烈的社论可以简单地归结为政党政治的纲领
 The birds scattered at the sound of the gun.     鸟群一听到枪声就四处飞散了。
example sentence not found
 Tartar hordes scattered on the plain.     鞑靼人的游牧部落散布在这片平原上。
example sentence not found
 A small fraction of the creatures that die are preserved in this way before decay sets in or, even more likely, before scavengers eat them.     只有一小部分死掉的生物在开始腐烂前，或者更可能的情况是，在食腐动物吃掉它们之前如此地保存起来。
 For the rest of the day the port presented a scenario of furious productivity, guaranteed to warm the cockles of the dock boss's heart.     那天其余的时间里，码头掀起了戏剧化的生产高潮，保证让船坞老板心满意足。
 Our reporter was the first person on the scene.     我们的记者是最先到达出事地点的。
 The scenery was beautiful beyond expression.     那风景美丽得无法形容。
 There is a scenic route across the Alps.     穿越阿尔卑斯山有一条风景优美的路径。
 There is a lavender scent and rosemary scent in the air.     空气中有熏衣草和迷迭香花的味道。
example sentence not found
 The government must still convince the sceptic that its policy will work.     政府仍须使持怀疑态度的人相信其政策可行。
 Mary is sceptical about the solution.     玛丽对这个解决办法表示怀疑。
example sentence not found
 The sceptre is an attribute of kingly power.     节杖是国王权力的象徵.
 We've already finished the work anterior to the schedule.     我们已经提前完成了工作。
 The building is scheduled for completion in May.     该大楼预定或计划于5月份完工。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She saw the possibilities of the scheme from the beginning.     她从一开始就预见到这计画可能成功。
 The committee decided to make a withdrawal of financial support for his scheme.     委员会决定取消对他那项计划的资助。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We all listened to the venerable scholar with awe.     我们都怀着敬畏之心倾听着这位德高望重的学者的讲话。
 A formal written composition intended to be published, presented, or read aloud; a scholarly essay or treatise.     学术论文一篇写好的正式著作，为了出版、讲演或宣读；学术文章或论文
 The teacher had both extensive knowledge and profound scholarship.     先生的学问博大精深。
 He is unfitted for scholastic life.     他不适於学者生涯。
 He was schooled by life itself.     他受了生活本身的熏陶。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He went to the badminton club at times during his school days.     他上学时有时到羽毛球俱乐部去。
 An examination given in the middle of a school year.     学年中期考试一学年中期进行的考试
example sentence not found
 Even a schoolboy could manage (ie write) a better story than that.     连小学生写的故事都比那个好.
example sentence not found
 The ratio of schoolboys to schoolgirls is 2 to 1.     男学生和女学生的比例是2比1。
example sentence not found
 Who's paying for her schooling?     谁在供她读书?
 A male teacher, schoolmaster, or tutor.     男老师、校长或家庭教师
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Activity, such as schoolwork or office work, meant to take up time but not necessarily yield productive results.     无生产性工作，机关工作占用时间但不必要获得生产结果的活动，如学校工作或机关工作
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The college graduated 50 students from the science department last year.     这所学院去年有50名理科毕业生.
 The science fiction film had some marvellous special effects.     这部科幻电影有些特殊效果美妙绝伦.
 She has a very scientific method of dealing with political problems.     她处理政治问题的方法很科学。
example sentence not found
 A German scientist interrupted me and asked if I came from China.     一位德国科学家打断了我，并问我是否来自中国。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Blunt scissors don't cut cleanly.     钝剪刀剪不齐.
example sentence not found
 Who has scoffed all the pastries down?     谁把点心全吃完了？
 Don't scold him too much; he is at best a child.     不要太责骂他；他只不过是个孩子。
 She scooped all the national newspapers to get the story.     她抢在全国各报之前发表了这一消息。
example sentence not found
 It is within my scope.     那是在我的范围之内。
 The meat will scorch if you don't lower the gas.     如果你不把煤气调小一点，肉就要焦了。
 Whew! It's a real scorcher today!     哟! 今天可太热了!
 It's scorching hot.     天气热得火烧似的。
 Arsenal scored in the final minute of the game.     阿森纳队在比赛的最后一分钟进了一球。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A hard rubber disk used in ice hockey as the playing and scoring medium.     冰球冰球比赛中用于击打和得分的硬橡皮盘状物
 She scorned our offers of help.     她不屑接受我们的帮助。
 We are scornful of the forces of convention.     我们藐视习惯势力。
example sentence not found
 The sting of a scorpion is in its tail.     蝎子的毒钩在其尾部.
 His accent proclaimed him a Scot/that he was a Scot.     他的口音表明他是苏格兰人.
 Anyway, there never was any one more Scotch in this wide world.     不管怎样，普天之下没有人比他更像一个苏格兰人了。
example sentence not found
 Cold northerlies will bring rain to Scotland this week.     寒冷的北风本星期将给苏格兰带来雨水。
 Mary, Queen of Scots, was put to death in1587.     苏格兰王后玛丽于1587年被处死。
example sentence not found
 Paul has tracked down an early recording of Scott Joplin playing one of his rags.     保罗已找到了斯科特・乔普林所演奏过的一个散拍乐曲的早期录音。
 She is Scottish on her mother's side.     根据母系的血缘，她是苏格兰的后裔。
 An unscrupulous, dishonest person; a scoundrel.     流氓，无赖不守法，不诚实之人；恶棍
example sentence not found
 He scoured off the dirt from the floor.     他擦去地板上的污垢。
 After the scourge of war came the scourge of disease.     战乱之后瘟疫又接踵而来。
 They scouted around for some antiques to furnish their new apartment.     他们到处搜罗一些古董来装饰新居。
example sentence not found
 The child was frightened by his father's scowl.     这个孩子被他父亲的怒容吓坏了。
example sentence not found
 People were scrambling madly for shelter.     人们疯了似的抢着往隐蔽处跑。
example sentence not found
 There is not a scrap of truth in what he says.     他说的话没有半点是真的。
example sentence not found
 Scrape your shoes on the door mat before you come in.     进屋前先在门口擦鞋垫上擦一擦鞋子。
 The waiter showed us to our table with much bowing and scraping.     服务员一个劲儿地点头哈腰领我们就座.
 It was a scrappy, rambling speech.     那篇讲话杂乱无章，毫无条理。
 Somebody has scratched his name off the list.     有人已经把他的名字从名单上划去了。
 Her signature was an illegible scrawl.     她的签字潦草难辩。
 She screamed herself hoarse.     她把嗓子喊哑了。
example sentence not found
 Those cats have been screaming for hours.     那些猫叫了半天了.
example sentence not found
 He heard a screech of brakes and then fell down.     他听到汽车刹车发出的尖锐的声音，然后就摔倒了。
example sentence not found
 His job at the bank was just a screen for his life as a spy.     他在银行的工作仅仅是他当间谍的一种掩护。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A revolving cylindrical sieve used for screening or sizing rock and ore.     滚筒筛一种圆筒形的可旋转的筛，用于岩石和矿石的筛分或大小测量
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 One of the screws is loose.     一只螺丝松了。
 A screwdriver and a hammer are the only tools you need.     你需用的工具只是改锥和锤子.
 Do not scribble on the wall!     不要在墙上乱涂！
 The god of commerce, invention, cunning, and theft, who also served as messenger, scribe, and herald for the other gods.     赫尔墨斯商业、发明、灵巧之神，盗贼的保护神，也是众神的信使、书吏及报信者
 The script won't play well.     那个剧本不适于在舞台上演出。
 This is the canon of Scripture.     这是圣经的真经。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A scroll of parchment containing the first five books of the Hebrew Scriptures, used in a synagogue during services.     希伯莱圣经；托位包括伯莱经典的一大部书籍，用于宗教仪式时向人们布道
example sentence not found
 Scrooge sat down upon a form and wept to see his poor forgotten self as he has used to be.     吝啬鬼面对一张表格坐了下来。持到自己那被遗忘的昔日贫困生活时，他流下了眼泪。
 She's always scrounging (money) off her brother.     她总找哥哥借钱.
 Give that floor a good hard scrub.     使劲擦洗一下那地板。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He wouldn't scruple to charge you double its value if he thought you'd pay.     如果他认为你买得起的话，就会向你索取两倍于原价的钱。
 You must take the most scrupulous care to keep the wound free from the dirt.     你必须非常小心地护理，以免伤口沾上污物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A place, position, or situation involving intense public scrutiny.     公众聚焦点引起公众强烈注意的地方、位置或形势
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She scuffed past in her mother's slippers.     她趿拉著她母亲的拖鞋走过去了.
 The police scuffled with the demonstrators.     警察和示威群众混战起来。
example sentence not found
 I would have burned the pink candle sculpted like a rose before it melted in storage.     我会点燃那支雕成玫瑰状的蜡烛，而不让他在尘封中熔化。
 The sculptor chiselled the lump of marble into a fine statue.     雕刻家把大理石块凿成优美的雕像.
 She studied sculpture at art school.     她在美术学校学习雕刻。
 When the meat is boiling, remove the scum.     当肉煮沸时，把浮在上面的浮渣撇掉。
example sentence not found
 They scurried in out of the cold.     他们冻得很快跑进来了。
 He's a scurvy wretch.     他是个卑鄙的家伙.
 The spectators scuttled for shelter when it began to rain.     一下起雨来，观众就纷纷找地方躲避。
 I use a scythe for cutting grass.     我用大镰刀割草。
 She tried to understand the instructions, but she was completely at sea.     她费尽力气想看懂那些说明文字，却全然不知所云。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The top of this mountain is three kilometers above the sea level.     这座山的山顶海拔三千米高。
example sentence not found
 Occurring, living, or working along a seacoast.     发生、生活或工作在海岸边的
example sentence not found
 I prefer seafood.     我喜爱海味。
 Seagulls were circling overhead.     海鸥在头顶山盘旋。
 The seal on this bottle is broken.     这个瓶上的密封纸破开了。
 A sealed plastic or foil container used in packaging frozen or dehydrated food.     塑胶封袋用来装冰冻或蒸干食物的密封的塑料或箔制容器
example sentence not found
 The seam of her skirt ripped.     她的裙子的接缝裂开了。
 The dying seaman made a nuncupation in favor of his mother.     那位即将死亡的海员立了一份囗头遗嘱给他母亲。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The seamstress gathered in the cloth.     女裁缝把布收拾起来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The novel is a searing indictment of urban poverty.     这部小说是对城市贫困的震撼心灵的控诉。
 They searched the woods for the little boy.     他们在森林中搜寻到了那个小男孩。
 Scientists are still searching for a cure to the common cold.     科学家仍在寻求治疗感冒的方法。
 The beam of the searchlight pierced the darkness.     探照灯的光柱射入黑暗中.
 An agent or instrument used to destroy abnormal tissue by burning, searing, or scarring, including caustic substances, electric currents, lasers, and very hot or very cold instruments.     烧灼剂通过烧、灼或结疤手段用于破坏不正常人体组织的药剂或仪器，包括腐蚀物质、电流、激光以及极热或极冷的仪器
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We have a long seashore in our country.     我们国家的海岸线很长。
example sentence not found
 She owns a house at the seaside.     她在海滨拥有自己的房子。
 Applicants will be notified of our decision in good season.     我们会把决定及早通知申请者。
 The area is subject to devastating seasonal winds.     这个地区常遭破坏性季风的袭击。
example sentence not found
 Seasoned timber does not warp.     经干燥处理的木材不会翘曲。
 The leaves of this plant, used as a seasoning.     这种植物的叶子，可用作调料
 The seasons follow each other in rotation.     四季循环交替。
 He lost his seat in the Parliament at the election.     他在选举中失去了议会中的席位。
 The plane's take off. Please fasten your seat belt.     飞机起飞了。请系好安全带。
 The delegates have to be seated according to protocol.     代表们须按礼仪要求就座.
 Ballpark lights; ballpark seating.     运动场用灯；运动场座位
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ship ran a foul of the floating seaweed.     船和漂流的海藻纠缠在一起。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You can't seclude yourself from the world.     人不能与世隔绝.
 A secluded structure, such as a bower, in a garden.     凉亭一种在花园中建造的隐蔽性建筑物，如凉亭
 She lives in seclusion apart from her friend.     她远离朋友，过隐居生活。
example sentence not found
 The train will leave in a second.     列车马上要开了。
 One single, second class, to winchester, please.     买一张去温撤斯特单程二等票。
 He works in a secondary school.     他在一所中学工作。
 In secondary school, students get more advanced knowledge.     在中学里，学生获得更深一些的知识。
 Don't try to second-guess the outcome.     不要猜测结果.
 Luckily, I lit on a secondhand copy of the book.     真运气, 我无意中见到了那本书, 是本旧的.
 The main events were as follows: first, the president's speech, secondly the secretary's reply and thirdly, the chairman's summing-up.     主要活动如下: 第一项, 总裁讲话; 第二项, 秘书做解答; 第三项, 主席做总结.
example sentence not found
 Their negotiations were cloaked in secrecy.     他们的谈判在秘密进行。
 What's the secret of baking perfect bread?     烤出好面包的秘诀是什么？
 She is taking a secretarial course.     她正在上文秘课程。
 After the congress, the secretariat moved from Shanghai to Beijing.     代表大会召开之后，书记处由上海迁到了北京。
 The secretary said that the programme to phase down British air operations in Indo China is solidly based and progressing.     部长说减少英军在印度支那的空中作战计划是有坚实基础的，并在进展中。
 The kidneys secrete urine.     肾脏是分泌尿液的器官。
example sentence not found
 Saliva is secretion of the salivary glands.     唾液是唾液腺的分泌物。
example sentence not found
 The boy slipped out of the room and headed for the swimming pool secretly.     这孩子偷偷摸摸地溜出了屋子, 走向游泳池。
 Each religious sect in the town have its own church.     该城每一个宗教教派都有自己的教堂。
example sentence not found
 First the surgeon performed the section of the blood vessel.     外科医生首先切开血管。
example sentence not found
 White lines divide the playing area into sections.     这些白线把赛区分成各个部分.
 There are several sectors unusable in this disk.     这张磁盘有几个扇区坏了。
 A secular law, rule, or code of law.     世俗法规世俗的法律、制度或法典
 The little boy felt secure near his parents.     那小男孩在父母身边感到安心。
 Beauty gilds her vices over, which more securely harm.     她的罪恶有了美丽的外表，其恶更凶。
 The area of an exchange where securities are traded.     交易所交易所中进行证券交易的区域
 He uses his house as security to borrow the money.     他用房子作借钱的抵押。
 The black sedan suddenly drew out into the traffic.     黑色轿车突然开动，驶进了车流。
example sentence not found
 I've given him a sedative; that should see him through the night.     我给了他一片镇静剂，可使他熬过一个夜晚。
 The scribe is a sedentary worker.     作家工作时需要久坐。
 He emptied out the water barrel to clear it of sediment.     他把水桶倒空以清掉桶底的沉淀物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The warm weather seduced me away from my studies.     暖和的天气诱使我放下了学习。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Do you see what I mean?     你明白我的意思吗？
 The farmers were scattering seed on the fields.     农夫把种子撒在田里。
 The seedling have shrivel up a bit in the hot sun.     在炎热的太阳光下，幼苗已有一点乾枯。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Seeing that she's legally old enough to get married, I don't see how you can stop her.     鉴于她已经到了法定的结婚年龄，我想象不出你怎么可以阻止她。
 Words are but wind, but seeing is believing.     【谚】耳听为虚，眼见为实。
 We sought her out to tell her of her success.     我们找到她，告诉她她成功了。
example sentence not found
 He seems to know everything.     他似乎什么都懂。
 Seeming to be coolly unconcerned or indifferent.     漠不关心的，冷淡的看上去漠不关心的或冷淡的
 She plays with seemingly effortless skill.     她演奏得似乎毫不费力.
example sentence not found
 The smoke of the burning house could be seen many blocks away.     着火的房子的冒出的烟在几个街区外都能看到。
 Jack got a car as his birthday gift, so he was eager to seep through in the driving test.     杰克过生日得了一辆小汽车，所以他急着要通过驾驶测试。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They fell into the seething waters of the rapids.     他们跌进了汹涌的急流中。
 The waiter brought us a dish of orange segments.     服务员给我们端来一盘掰开的橘子瓣。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The waiter brought us a dish of orange segments.     服务员给我们端来一盘掰开的橘子瓣。
example sentence not found
 The Hindu or Moslem system of sex segregation, practiced especially by keeping women in seclusion.     深闺制度尤指使妇女处于隔离状态的印度或穆斯林的性隔离系统
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She seized on my suggestion and began work immediately.     她采纳了我的建议，马上干了起来。
 Do you know the impressive seizures of drugs?     你知道那件轰动一时的毒品扣押案吗？
 The apple tree is seldom fruitful.     这棵苹果树很少结果。
 This is a very select area; you have to be rich to live here.     这是高级住宅区，你必须有钱才能住在这里。
 He was selected as the district attorney.     他被选为地方检察官。
 That store has a good selection of furniture.     那家店有很多家具可供挑选。
 Not selective; indiscriminate.     不选择的没有进行选择的；不加选择地
example sentence not found
 Indeed French rugby selectors receive just about the same respect from their Press and public as do French politicians, which, of course, isn't saying much.     的确，新闻媒介及公众对法国橄榄球队选拔员的尊重，几乎同法国政治家受到的尊重不相上下，当然，那也并非多大的荣耀。
example sentence not found
 That my heart has been troubled, that I have not sought this nomination, that I could not seek it in good conscience, that I would not seek it in honest self appraisal, is not to say that I value it the less.     我的心曾充满苦恼，我在寻求提名过程中并不主动，也没有全力以赴，更没有给自己一个正确的评价，但这并不说明我低估了提名的价值。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The two brothers often quarrel with each other; one is stubborn, and the other (is) selfish.     这两兄弟经常吵架；一个很固执，另一个则很自私。
 This behaviour illustrates your selfishness.     你的行为说明你很自私.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She said the selfsame thing to me.     她对我讲的是完全一样的事情.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The group's record has sold millions.     他们的唱片已经售出了千千万万张了。
 The buyer and seller have signed the contract.     买卖双方已经签定了那项合同。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Outward appearance or aspect; semblance.     外表外在的容貌或样子；外貌
 How many subjects are you studying this semester?     这学期你选了几门课程？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The interface between two different semiconductor regions in a semiconductor device.     接口半导体装置里两个不同的半导体区之间的接合部
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The purpose of this seminar is to reform the old closed system so as to establish the new system of educational assessment.     研讨会旨在改革旧的封闭式的评价制度，从而建立新的教育评价体系。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Senate confirms all treaties.     所有的条约都由参议院批准。
 We are very privileged to have Senator Dobbs with us this evening.     今晚有多布斯参议员光临, 我们感到十分荣幸.
 The music of this song sent her carefree and joyous.     这支歌的乐曲使她心旷神怡。
 A batch of mail dispatched at one time by a sender.     由邮递员同时分送的一批邮件
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He may belong to senile residents who stray from home.     他可能是那种离家迷失在外的昏聩老年人。
example sentence not found
 He is my senior by two years.     他比我大两岁。
 The book is too difficult for most senior high school students.     这本书太难而不适合大多数的高中生。
 Does seniority give one the right to command?     难道年长资深就有权发号施令吗?
 I knew the train had stopped, but I had the sensation that it was moving backwards.     我知道火车已经停了，但我觉得火车在倒退。
 The newspapers played up sensational social news.     各报大肆渲染耸人听闻的社会新闻。
example sentence not found
 I lost my sense of taste.     我丧失了味觉。
example sentence not found
 That's quite senseless.     这非常不合情理。
 He is a man of subtle and refined sensibility.     他是个感情细腻的男子。
 That sounds very sensible to me.     我觉得这很合理。
 She was sensibly dressed in tweeds.     她穿着实用的苏格兰粗呢制衣服。
 This is such an sensitive issue that perhaps the press should not be told.     这是一个非常敏感的问题，恐怕不应该告诉新闻界。
 An abnormal sensitivity to or intolerance of light, especially by the eyes, as may be caused by eye inflammation, lack of pigmentation in the iris, or various diseases.     畏光，羞明对光线不正常敏感或无法忍受，尤指由眼引起的，可能是由眼炎、眼球虹彩中缺少色素或其它疾病而引起的
example sentence not found
 A specialized sensory end organ that responds to mechanical stimuli such as tension, pressure, or displacement.     机械性刺激感受器对机械性刺激，如抗力、压力或位移作出反应的神经末梢器官
 Sensual gratification or indulgence.     （感官的）享乐感官的满足或沉溺
example sentence not found
 The flower that wreathe his parlor stifle him with their sensuous perfume.     包围著客厅的花以其刺激人的香味使他窒息。
 The passengers were sent to the cutters as the ship was sinking.     大船要沉没了，乘客们被送到驳船上。
 The bench read the sentence to the criminal.     法官向罪犯宣读了判决。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What are his sentiments on this issue?     他对这个问题持什么观点？
 It's a sentimental song.     这是一首伤感的歌曲。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This book sentimentalizes the suffering of the disabled.     这本书以柔懦的笔调渲染了残疾人的痛苦。
example sentence not found
 One who protects, keeps watch, or acts as a sentinel.     警卫象哨兵一样工作的人，守护，看守的人
 An assigned position or station, as of a guard or sentry.     哨站，岗位如卫兵或哨兵的指派的站岗位置
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 One of the small sections of a separable bulb, as that of garlic.     小鳞茎一种可分离鳞茎的一小部分，如大蒜的一瓣
 The war separated many families.     战争使许多家庭妻离子散。
 The boys set to and had to be separated by a teacher.     那些男生大打出手，来个老师才把他们拉开。
 Living separately from parents after marriage is all the mode today.     婚后与父母分开住非常流行。
 The treatment of metal or the separation of metal from ores and ore concentrates by liquid processes, such as leaching, extraction, and precipitation.     水冶金术通过液体过程，象过滤，提炼，沉淀等方法处理金属，从矿石中或矿石浓缩物中分离出金属
 The separatist is demanding full autonomy for their state.     分裂主义者在要求他们的州完全自治。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They are planning to visit Palestine in September.     他们正计划九月份访问巴勒斯坦。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He spoke in sepulchral tones.     他用低沉的语调说话。
example sentence not found
 He is writing a sequel to his latest best seller.     他正在写他的最新畅销书的续集。
example sentence not found
 We will deal with events in historical sequence.     我们将按照历史上的先后顺序研究这些事件。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A period of sequential technological development and innovation.     阶段持续的技术发展和革新的一段时期
 A set of operations that are to be performed sequentially, each of which(except the first) uses the output of the previous operation as input.     一组要依次执行的操作，除第一个外，每个操作均使用前一个操作的输出作为输入。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The story took place in a serene summer night.     故事发生在一个宁静的夏夜。
example sentence not found
 A hoped-for period of joy, serenity, prosperity, and justice.     盛世期一个希望中的欢乐、祥和、繁荣及公平的时期
 Many serfs were forced to work hard.     许多农奴被迫拼命工作。
example sentence not found
 The sergeant gave his men the commandAt ease!     警官命令战士们“稍息！”
 An interface unit or circuitry that converts data to and from the representation used by a particular peripheral device or class of peripheral devices; for example, a device that converts between bit serial and bit parallel and resolves differences in transmission speeds.     一种接口部件或电路，用来把数据转换成某种特殊的外围设备上的表示或某类外围设备上的表示或把此种表示转换成数据。例如，一台在串行位和并行位之间作转换且解决传输速度差别的设备。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The theory is based on a series of wrong assumptions.     这一理论是以一系列错误的设想为依据的。
example sentence not found
 Do you think he is serious about leaving the company?     你认为他当真要离开公司吗？
 Seriously damaged, the bridge is no longer in use.     因受到严重损坏，这座桥不再使用了。
 If I could intrude a note of seriousness into this frivolous conversation...     我真想说一句, 叫他们谈话放严肃些....
 The priest preached a sermon on the need of charity.     牧师在布道会上宣讲慈爱的必要。
example sentence not found
 The serpent fascinated its prey.     蛇用目光吓住了它的猎物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A natural protein in human blood serum that participates in the body's immune response by working in conjunction with the complement system.     备解素，血清灭菌蛋白血清中与防御素协同参与身体的免疫反应的人体血液的天然蛋白
 A politician should be a servant of the people.     政治家应是人民的公仆。
 We are well served with gas in this town.     这个城镇煤气供应得很好。
 Can you see the file on NT server?     你能在NT 服务器上看这个文件吗？
 You may need the services of a lawyer.     你也许需要律师的帮助。
 A10% service charge is added on to the bill.     帐单上包括了百分之十的服务费。
 He stated that in six weeks rush work would be required to repair the boilers to make them serviceable.     他说，修理这这些锅炉，使之可以使用，需要六周的紧张工作。
example sentence not found
 Ted knows all about servicing cars but he can't seem to get it across to others.     特德完全熟悉汽车维修业务，可是他似乎不能使别人听懂。
 An honest judge cannot be servile to public opinion.     一个正直的法官不能一味顺从舆论。
 Acting or serving in place of someone or something else; substituted.     替代的代替某人或某物活动的或服务的；替代的
 Such a worker bound in servitude to a landlord creditor.     雇农因欠地主债当雇工者，抵债苦工
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Parliament won't be in session again until after Christmas.     国会将等到圣诞节后才再进入会期。
 She set the foods and drink before the guest.     她把食物和饮料放在客人面前。
 The heavy rain set back the building of the road by two weeks.     这场大雨使道路的修建延缓了两星期。
 Ah well, I suppose there's nothing like an occasional setback to make you realize how lucky you really are.     唉，我看什么都不如偶尔受点挫折更能使你明白你是多么的幸运了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The setting of the story is a hotel in paris during the war.     故事发生在战时巴黎的一家旅馆里。
 They moved the local people and settle them in another place.     他们把当地人迁移到别处定居。
 The account is subject to10% discount if settled within fifteen days of rendering, after which it is strictly net.     提交清算书后15日内付款可打10％的折扣；超过15日，依全额付清。
 The terms of the settlement seem just.     和解的条件似乎还公道。
 It is said that the first settlers of this country are prisoners.     据说第一批到达这个国家的移民是囚犯。
 It require the addition of an external speaker and change to the setup menu as show below.     它需要再加一个外扬声器，并对安装菜单进行修改，如下所示。
 Two plus five is seven.     二加五等于七。
example sentence not found
 She's sixteen, going on seventeen.     她十六岁，快十七岁了。
 Girls used to put their hair up on their seventeenth birthdays.     过去姑娘们总是在17岁生日那天将头发向上扎起。
 It has just entered the seventh edition.     它刚出版了第七版。
example sentence not found
 The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit.     今天气温是华氏七十度。
 The two countries have severed their relations.     这两个国家已经断绝关系。
 Several of the apples are bad.     苹果中好几个烂了。
example sentence not found
 The bad harvest led to severe food shortage.     歉收引起食物严重短缺。
 These scum who fight at the football matches must be severely dealt with!     必须对那些专在足球比赛时打架的社会渣滓严加惩处！
 When the ship reached port, it bore abundant evidence of the severity of the storm.     船抵港时，船上满是受到暴风雨肆虐的痕迹。
 We should have the whole deal sewn up by the end of this week.     到本周末，我们应该可以把整个交易谈妥。
 A pipe for carrying off water or sewage.     排水管排水或污水的管子
 The place where a sewer, drain, or stream discharges.     出水口阴沟、下水道或河流排水的地方
 Who has scrambled up my sewing things?     谁把我的针线活儿弄乱了?
 You should oil the sewing machine to stop the squeaking.     你应该给缝纫机上点油，以免发出轧轧声。
 The film is a rich brew of adventure, sex and comedy.     这部电影是惊险、性爱及幽默的大杂烩.
example sentence not found
 A member of the social or political establishment, especially one holding sexist or racist views.     种族主义者，大男子主义者社会或政治集团的一个成员，尤指持性别和种族歧视观点的人
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The periodic state of sexual excitement in the female of most mammals, excluding human beings, that immediately precedes ovulation and during which the female is most receptive to mating; heat.     （雌性动物的）动情，动情周期大多数哺乳动物（包括人类）的雌性产生的周期性的性冲动，在此期间内雌性具有排卵的优势，所以该期间最适合性交；刺激
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Some people are sexually excited by pornographic magazines.     有的人看到色情杂志能激发起性欲。
 The sexy starlet is a real eye-popper in her black bikini.     身著黑色比基尼的性感女星实在令人大饱眼福。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is a tramp in shabby old clothes.     他是个衣衫褴褛的流浪者。
 He was looking for a dame to shack up with when the police picked him up.     他正在找女人鬼混的时候，警察把他逮住了。
 Nowadays, people have shaken off the shackles of some conventions.     今天，人们已经摆脱了一些习俗的束缚。
 There are no trees or bushes to give shade.     没有树木或灌木丛可以遮荫。
 She shaded her eyes (from the sun) with her hand.     她把手放在眼睛上方挡住阳光.
 It's60 in the shade.     室内华氏度60度。
 The tree cast its shadow on the wall.     树影映在墙上。
 Her face was dark in the shadowy place.     在这阴暗的地方她脸色黝黑。
 Thank you very much for those four wonderful days at Shady Acres!     我在荫园度过了四天美好的时光，非常感谢。
 The archers sent their shafts through the air.     弓箭手向空中射出利箭。
example sentence not found
 Her pet is a shaggy dog.     她的宠物是一只毛粗而蓬松的狗。
 His voice shook with fear.     他害怕得声音发抖。
 The market is shaken by the company's result.     该公司的获胜震惊了市场。
example sentence not found
 I bought my son an adaptation for children of a play by Shakespeare.     我给我儿子买了为儿童改编的莎士比亚剧本。
 The man shook his fist angrily.     他愤怒地挥动着拳头。
 Their marriage got off to rather a shaky start.     他们的婚姻一开始就有些不稳固.
 The new process extracts oil from shale.     这一新方法用于从页岩油里提炼出石油。
 That was a moment that I shall never forget.     那个时刻我永远不会忘记。
example sentence not found
 She has a rather shallow personality.     她的个性相当浅薄。
 She claims to know all about computers but really she's a sham.     她自称精通计算机，其实她是假充内行。
example sentence not found
 It was a shambles that the fire left the building.     这场火灾使这座建筑物留下的是一片废墟。
 Such an act of cowardice by an officer shames his whole regiment.     一个军官作出如此胆怯的行为使整个团都蒙受羞辱。
 These shameful manoeuvreswere aimed at securing his election.     这种可耻的伎俩都是为了能让他当选.
 He is a shameless cheat.     他是个无耻的骗子。
example sentence not found
 This shampoo will cure your dandruff.     这种洗发水可除掉头皮屑.
 Our office has removed to Shanghai from Beijing.     我们的办公室已从北京迁到上海。
example sentence not found
 A trip through the shanty town brought home to me just how poor the people are.     棚户区之行使我深切地感到那里的人民何等的贫穷。
 This island is triangular in shape.     这个岛的外形呈三角形。
 The apprehension she had felt had been shapeless.     她感到一种难以名状的恐惧。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She's got all her money in stocks and shares.     她所有的钱都投放到股票里去了。
example sentence not found
 The principal shareholder ask for a meeting.     主要股东们要求召开会议。
 The name given to the members of the same LAN, sharing the same programs and files, and, most likely, coordinating tasks and work load.     给同一局域网中所有成员取定的名称，这些成员共享同样的程序和文件，并很可能相互间要协调任务和工作负荷。
 The shark is dangerous to swimmers.     鲨鱼对游泳的人来说很危险。
 That woman has a very sharp tongue.     那个女人说话非常尖刻。
 The soldiers sharpened up their knives.     战士们把刀磨得锋利。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Romanian-born sculptor who settled in Paris in1904. He broke sharply with the realist tradition, making abstract sculptures, chiefly in metal and stone, of great geometric simplicity.     布兰诺西，康斯坦丁1876－1957罗马尼亚裔雕刻家，于1904年定居于巴黎。他鲜明地打破现实主义传统，主要用金属和石头为材料创作了极简单明快的几何造型的抽象雕塑
 Something resembling a nail in shape, sharpness, or use.     钉状物在形状、锋利度或应用上类似指甲的东西
 The glass shattered.     这杯子碎了。
 We could shave prices a little.     我们可以稍微削减点价格。
 He cut himself/his face shaving.     他刮胡须时割破了脸.
 A structural material made of wood fragments, such as chips or shavings, that are mechanically pressed into sheet form and bonded together with resin.     碎料板由碎木，如木屑或创花制成的一种结构材料，用合成树脂粘合在一起并用机器压成板状
 Shaw was an artist with a difference.     萧是个与众不同的艺术家啊。
 She gathered the shawl round her/round her shoulders.     她用披肩把自己[肩头]裹紧.
 She can speak Japanese as well as English.     她会说日语和英语。
example sentence not found
 With a few quick snips of the shears he pruned the bush.     他用大剪刀几下子就把灌木给修剪好了.
 One that cuts, shears, or clips.     修剪工切、剪或削的人
 The innermost layer of the cortex that forms a sheath around the vascular tissue of roots and some stems.     内皮层皮层的最内层，在根、茎的导管组织周围形成一道叶鞘（茎衣）
 The two opponents decided at last to sheathe the sword and met at a dinner given by their friend.     这两个对手终于决定讲和，在朋友举行的晚宴上会面了。
 It's too late to change your mind now; so there is no point in shedding tears.     你现在改变主意已经太迟了，所以为此而伤心落泪是毫无用处的。
example sentence not found
 The pearly sheen absorbed many people.     珍珠的光泽吸引了很多人。
 Will the hedge keep the sheep out of the field?     这篱笆能将羊群挡在田地外面吗？
example sentence not found
 The ground dropped away sheer at our feet.     我们脚下的地面垂直地陷落下去。
 The rain was coming down in sheets.     大雨滂沱而下。
 The child had been sleeping face down. His mother turned him up and tucked up the sheets.     那孩子趴着睡觉，她母亲把他翻过身，然后塞好被单。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sheila is very clever but rather backward in expressing her ideas.     希拉很聪明, 然而在表达思想时却有些腼腆.
 This shelf was made of synthetic resin.     这个架子是合成树脂做的。
 There is an ornament made of shells on the wall.     墙上有一个贝壳做成的装饰品。
example sentence not found
 A rich, creamy soup made from meat, fish, or shellfish.     虾味奶油浓汤一种由肉、鱼或贝壳制成的含大量奶油的浓汤
 These plants must be sheltered from direct sunlight.     这种植物必须遮起来，免受阳光直射。
 A sheltered place, especially a greenhouse, used for the cultivation of orange trees in cool climates.     培桔暖棚用于在较凉天气下培植桔树的有遮掩物的地方，尤指暖棚
 They had to shelve their holiday plans because their son was ill.     他们不得不把度假计划搁置，因为他们的儿子病了。
 The river-bottom shelves here.     河底从这里呈缓坡倾斜.
 The poor boy was hired as a shepherd when he was only ten.     这个贫穷的小男孩在他十岁的时候就被雇为羊倌。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An official who assists a British sheriff and who has the power to execute writs, processes, and arrests.     司法官协助英国执行官的官员，有权执行令状、发传票以及逮捕
example sentence not found
 Let's have a drink to christen our new sherry glasses.     让我们为使用新的雪利酒杯喝点儿酒。
example sentence not found
 Motorcyclists must wear helmets to shield them from injury.     摩托车手必须戴头盔保护自己免受伤害。
 Motorcyclists must wear helmets to shield them from injury.     摩托车手必须戴头盔保护自己免受伤害。
 The Left is shifting its ground.     左派正在改变立场。
example sentence not found
 It's hard work shifting snow.     清除积雪是很吃力的工作.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A gold coin issued in England from1663 to1813 and worth one pound and one shilling.     畿尼1663年到1813年之间英国发行的金币，价值相当于一磅一先令
example sentence not found
 His elbow was poking through his torn shin sleeve.     他的肘从衬衫的破袖子中露出。
example sentence not found
 Would you put a good shine on these boots?     你把这些靴子好好擦一下好吗？
 The roof of our house is covered by shingles.     我家的屋顶是用木瓦铺的。
 Shining brilliantly; very bright.     光亮的灿烂地闪耀的；非常明亮的
 He has a shiny bald pate.     他是个亮光光的秃顶。
 The ship was due to sail the following morning.     这艘船定于第二天启航。
 A fall in demand for oil tankers has put/placed thousands of jobs in the shipbuilding industry in jeopardy.     油轮需求量下降使造船业成千上万的工作职位受到威胁.
 The goods were inspected by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau before shipment.     这批货在装船前由中国商品检验局进行过检验。
 A box for shipping fruit or vegetables.     果箱，蔬菜箱用来运输水果或蔬菜的包装箱
 I get the house all shipshape while he is away.     他不在的时候，我把房子打扫得乾乾净净，整整齐齐。
 The news of shipwreck soon spread out widely.     船只失事的消息很快就广泛地传开了。
example sentence not found
 Two hundred redundancies were announced in the shipyards.     造船厂公布削减二百名工人.
 I can wear a red tie with a pink shire if I want to. What of it?     我愿意的话，我可以扎红色领带，穿粉红色衬衫，那又有什么不行呢？
 She is shirking going to the dentist.     她躲著不愿意去治牙.
 Shirley had to make over her dress because it was too big.     那件衣服太大了，雪莉只好把它改一下。
 Would you sew this button onto my shirt?     请你把这颗纽扣缝到我的衬衫上好吗？
example sentence not found
 He doesn't give a shit about anybody else.     他对别人漠不关心.
 I could not repress a shiver whenever I thought of him.     我一想到他就忍不住颤抖。
example sentence not found
 The boat struck a shoal and fetched up all standing.     那艘船撞上浅滩突然停了下来。
 His death was a great shock to us all.     他的死使我们大家都大为震惊。
 Anyone touching that wire could get badly shocked.     任何人碰到那根电线都会遭到严重的电击。
 What a shocking state of affairs!     局势真惊人哪!
 That salesman really took us for a ride, these goods are very shoddy.     那个推销员真的欺骗了我们，这些都是劣质商品。
 I wouldn't like to be in your shoes if they find out what you're doing.     要是人家发现你现在干的这件事，我可不愿设想你得有多倒霉。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her shoes chafed the skin on her feet.     鞋子擦破了她脚上的皮肤。
 He missed an attempt for a shoestring catch and the ball rolled to the bullpen.     他错过了球快落地时抢接的机会，球滚到场外替补队热身区去了。
 The curtain was suddenly drawn and a bright light shone in.     突然窗帘拉了开来，一道强光照了进来。
 They shook hands with each other and then sat down.     他们握了握手, 然后坐了下来。
 The film was shot in black and white.     这部电影拍成了黑白片。
example sentence not found
 People are indignant by their shooting of innocent civilians.     对于他们枪杀无辜平民，人们感到义愤填膺。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The trees send out new shoots in spring.     春天绿树发新芽。
 I usually go shopping on Sundays.     我通常星期天购物。
 The shopkeeper knocked10% off the bill.     主人从帐单中减去10％。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The shopper is showered with broken glass from the explosion.     炸碎的玻璃劈头盖脸地落到购物顾客的身上。
 You may go grass skiing, bicycle riding, or shopping on the weekend.     周末你可以去滑草，骑脚踏车，或购物。
 It's sad to see the old museum being taken down to make way for a new shopping center.     看着将老博物馆拆除来建新购物中心，真令人伤心。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The villagers shored up sagging huts.     村民们撑起摇摇欲坠的茅棚。
 He was shorn of his privileges.     他的特权被剥夺了。
 He seems much shorter without his shoes on.     他没穿鞋，看上去矮多了。
 You've short-circuited the washing-machine.     你把洗衣机弄短路了.
 He brightened up at the mention of his son's success as a short story writer.     提到他儿子作为一个短篇小说作家是成功的，他就喜形于色。
 The company's main problem is the shortage of skilled personnel.     这家公司的主要问题是缺少有技术的人员。
example sentence not found
 Donna is sensible of his shortcoming.     唐纳知道他自己的缺点。
example sentence not found
 My teacher asked me to shorten the report to one page.     老师让我把报告缩短为一页。
 Surgical shortening or reshaping of the nose.     鼻部整形术外科手术中鼻子的整形或截短
example sentence not found
 His farewell speech was transcribed from shorthand notes.     他的告别演说是由速记转译而成的。
example sentence not found
 She died in an accident shortly afterwards.     不久以后，她就在一次事故中丧生。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Pants, such as blue jeans, made into shorts by cutting off part of the legs.     毛边短裤长裤，如蓝布牛仔裤，通过截去裤腿的一部分而制成的短裤
 He is shortsighted.     他是近视眼。
example sentence not found
 He won the golf match by two shots.     他以两杆的成绩赢得了这场高尔夫球赛。
example sentence not found
 Willie accidentally lets off his father's shotgun and made a hole in the wall.     威利玩他父亲的手枪时不小心走火了, 把墙壁打出一个洞。
 You really ought to/should do something about that cough!     你咳嗽那麽厉害, 真得治一治了!
 The boy had a parrot on his right shoulder.     男孩把一只鹦鹉放在右肩上。
 The officer wears sashes on his shoulders.     这名军官的肩上佩戴着肩带。
example sentence not found
 The children on the sand were shouting with excitement.     沙滩上的孩子们兴奋得大喊大叫。
 Don't try to shove all the work onto me!     别把工作都推给我！
 They were shoveling food into their mouths.     他们正大口大口地往嘴里塞食物。
example sentence not found
 The leader rarely shows herself in public.     这位领导她很少在公众场合露面。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The dancer was showered with praise.     那个跳舞的人备受称赞。
 Stop showing off in front of everybody.     别再在大伙跟前卖弄了。
example sentence not found
 The girls screamed when the grisly remains of the half-eaten corpses on the screen were shown.     当屏幕上显示出尸体被吃掉一半的恐怖残骸时，女孩子们尖叫起来。
example sentence not found
 Our entire range of cars is now on view at your local showroom.     我们各种型号的汽车现正在贵区陈列室里展出。
 A showy manner or display.     炫耀炫耀的态度或展示
 The dough shrank slowly in the cold air.     面团在冷空气中慢慢收缩了.
 The jacket was torn to shreds by the barbed wire.     那件夹克让铁丝网给戳破了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It was a shrewd assessment and probably pretty close to the truth.     这个评估很有道理，可能相当正确。
 She shrieked in alarm.     她惊恐地尖叫起来。
 The boys broke into shrill, excited cheering.     男孩子们突然迸发出刺耳的兴奋的欢呼声。
example sentence not found
 Fruit cocktail; shrimp cocktail.     水果鸡尾酒；河虾鸡尾酒
 A religious building of the Far East, especially a many-storied Buddhist tower, erected as a memorial or shrine.     塔，宝塔一种远东的宗教建筑，尤指一种多层的佛塔，作为纪念塔或神龛而建立
 The economy is shrinking instead of growing.     经济正在萎缩而不是在增长中。
 As a result of shrinkage, the shirt is now too small to wear.     由于洗后缩小，那件衬衫现在小得不能穿了。
 She's no shrinking violet always ready to speak up for herself.     她可不胆小--任何场合都能为自己说话.
 The dry air shrivels the leather.     因空气干燥皮子都皱了。
 The whole jail was shrouded in darkness.     整座监狱笼罩在黑暗之中。
 Resembling a shrub, especially in having woody stems and branches.     灌木状的类似灌木的，尤指有木质树干或树枝
example sentence not found
 I really admire the way she is able to shrug off unfair criticism.     我很佩服她能对错误的批评意见不予理会。
example sentence not found
 It's not worth shucks.     那种东西一文不值。
 He shuddered with cold.     他冷得发抖。
 Don't shuffle, give me a clear answer.     别支支吾吾，给我一个明确的答复。
 His friends shunned him.     他的朋友都避开他。
 Can we shunt the talks onto a new topic?     我们谈话换个新话题好吧？
 He shut his eyes to her faults.     他对她的缺点视而不见。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The shop-front is fitted with rolling shutters.     那商店的店面装有卷动门帘.
 There is a shuttle service between the city center and the air station.     在市中心和飞机场之间有往返的穿梭运行班车。
example sentence not found
 We are still a little shy of our quota.     我们离完成定额还差一点点。
 Shylock has an itch for money.     夏洛克渴望发财。
 She cast her eyes down shyly.     她羞怯地垂下目光。
 Shyness inhibited him from speaking.     他因害羞而说不出话来.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Siamese cats are rather like dogs in some ways.     泰国猫在某些方面相当象狗。
 The cold air masses are moving from Siberia towards Inner Mongolia.     冷空气团正由西伯利亚向内蒙古移动。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Inferior craft; felt inferior to his older sibling.     低等的手工艺品；感到比他的兄妹们低一等
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I'm sick of waiting around like this.     我腻烦像这样在一旁等著。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Cruelty sickens most of us.     我们大多数人都对残暴行为十分愤慨.
 Sickening or insipid in taste.     （味道上）令人作呕的，淡而无味的
example sentence not found
 Her cheeks have a sickly pallor.     她面色苍白带有病容.
 Some people develop altitude sickness when climbing high mountains.     有些人在爬高山时会发生高山反应。
 The thief slipped away down a side street.     小偷悄悄从一条小马路溜走了。
 Medicines sometimes have unpleasant side effects.     药物有时具有令人不快的副作用。
 We keep the silver in this sideboard.     我们把金属餐具放在这个餐具柜里.
 Actually I'm a teacher, my writing is just a sideline.     我其实是个教师，写作只是我的兼职。
example sentence not found
 The railways carriages containing terrorists and hostages were two hundred yards away across an open field. Both sides prepared for a long drawn-out battle of nerves.     这列载着恐怖分子和人质的火车，停在一个空旷地带对面200码外的地方。双方准备进行长时间的心理战。
 The sideshows will fetch in the people as well.     幕间穿插的表演同样可以招徕看客。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A hedge of spectators along the sidewalk.     沿着人行道形成了一道观众障碍
 He was thrown sideways when he heard that he had failed his exams.     他听到自己考试不及格时，非常震惊。
example sentence not found
 Joan of Arc led a large army to raise the siege of Orleans in1429.     贞德在1429年率大军解除了英军对奥尔良的围攻。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We can separate the stones out with a sieve.     我们可以用一个筛子把石头分离出来。
example sentence not found
 Snow sifted through the crack in the roof into the room.     雪从屋顶上的裂缝飘进屋里。
example sentence not found
 We all heaved a sigh of relief when we heard that they were safe.     当我们听说他们平安无事时，都松了一口气。
 She sighs deeply for no conspicuous reason, yearn, suffer and looks in the air extremely sadly. This is soul.     他没有明显的理由而却深深叹息、渴望、烦闷、极端悲伤地望着天空。这就是灵魂。
 We laughed at the sight of his strange clothes.     一看到他古怪的穿着，我们就笑了。
 Payment will be made by paying your sight draft under our irrevocable letter of credit.     我们的付款方式，是以不可撤消信用状见票即付汇票支付。
 He drove straight by sighting along the center line.     他注视着中央线，驾车径直向前驶去。
 The sights of the city never fail to impress foreign tourists.     外国游客无一不对该市留有深刻印象.
example sentence not found
 Good morning, Mr.Smith. Sightseeing is our agenda today.     早上好，史密斯先生。我们今天的日程安排是游览。
 The football team has signed two new players.     该足球队已签约聘用了两名新队员。
example sentence not found
 The police signalled the traffic to move forward slowly.     警察向来往车辆打信号，示意缓慢前行。
example sentence not found
 This document bore his signature.     这份文件上有他的签名。
 They signed a petition in support of the workers' demands.     他们在请愿书上签名，支持工人的请求。
example sentence not found
 This new discovery of oil is of great significance to this area's economy.     这次新发现的石油对这个地区的经济有着重大的意义。
 Few people realized the discovery was significant.     很少有人认识到这一发现的重要性。
 Significantly New York is left out of this list.     意味深长的是纽约这个城市的名字从名单中划掉了。
 What do these marks signify?     这些符号表示什麽意思?
 The workers were railroaded into signing the agreement.     工人们被逼着匆忙地签订了这个协议。
example sentence not found
 The signpost indicates the right way to go.     路标标示正确的前进路线。
 There was nothing but silence in the room.     这间屋内声息全无，一片寂静。
 The old house was quite silent.     这所旧房子非常寂静。
 The cat was creeping silently towards the mouse.     猫悄悄地朝着老鼠爬过去。
 He saw the building in silhouette.     他看到了那幢建筑的轮廓。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An alloy of iron and silicon used in the production of carbon steel.     硅铁一种用于生产碳素钢的铁和硅的合金
 Their main exports are textiles, especially silk and cotton.     他们的主要出口货物是纺织品，特别是丝绸和棉布。
 Her silken long hair attracted the attention of a photographer.     她的光滑柔软的长发吸引了一位摄影师的注意。
 Silkworms make cocoons.     蚕做茧。
 The silky wool of this mammal.     羊驼毛这种哺乳动物丝一般的毛
 A thin plank fastened to the side of a boat or to the sill of a port to keep out the sea and the spray.     挡水板，防浪板缚于船边或港基的薄木板。用来阻挡海水及其喷溅
 It's silly to drive without fastening one's seat belt.     不系保险带开车就太傻了。
 A concrete wall is built to stop silt from leaking to the conservation land.     一道水泥墙修筑起来，用以防止泥沙流进保留地。
 The years have silvered her hair.     岁月已使她的青丝似雪。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Aluminum is a kind of light silvery metal.     铝是一种轻薄并呈银色的金属。
example sentence not found
 Gold is similar in color to brass.     金和铜颜色相仿。
 Having such a close similarity or resemblance as to be essentially equal or interchangeable.     可互换的十分类似或相象以至于本质上相等的或能互换的
 Similarly, machines could be used to keep a check on a patient's health record and bring it up to date.     同样，机器能够检查病员的病因，并使之反应出最新情况。
 There are many daring similes in this book.     这本书中使用了很多明喻。
example sentence not found
 She simmered for a minute or two, then began shouting uncontrollably.     她强忍了一两分钟, 然後情不自禁地大叫起来.
 I know he was only guessing, but Simon was surprisingly near the mark when he suggested the company might be in financial difficulties.     我知道西蒙只是在猜测，他说公司可能陷入经济困难，而这一点他却说得令人吃惊地近乎正确。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She doesn't understand you. She's a bit simple.     她不明白你的意思。她有点笨。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Simplicity is the essence of good taste.     纯朴是情趣高尚的主要因素。
example sentence not found
 That will simplify my task.     那可简化了我的工作。
example sentence not found
 That will simplify my task.     那可简化了我的工作。
example sentence not found
 You may open the tin simply by pulling the puller.     你只要拉这个拉出器，就可以很容易地把罐头打开。
 Some moths simulate dead leaves.     有些蛾拟态为枯叶。
 A large-scale tactical exercise carried out under simulated conditions of war.     对抗演习在模拟战争状态下所进行大型战术训练
 In fact, virtual reality is exploiting software and hardware of　the computer to generate a simulation of an environment, such as an easeful classroom, a breathtaking action and so on.     实际上，虚拟现实就是利用计算机的软件和硬件去产生一种境界的仿真，如仿真一个学习场所，一次惊险的行为等等。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The explosion was timed to be simultaneous with the plane's take-off.     爆炸的时间定在飞机起飞的时刻。
 That cannot be simultaneously true; mutually exclusive.     互相矛盾的不能同时成立的；互斥的
 I guess ignorance must be a sin.     我认为无知是一种罪。
 We've been friends ever since we met at school.     自从我们在学校认识之后，我们就一直是好朋友。
 Sincere congratulations on your son wedding please convey our best wish.     令郎喜结良缘谨此致以诚挚的祝贺并请转达最美好的祝愿。
 Deeply or sincerely felt; earnest.     衷心的深切或真诚地感受到的；诚挚的
 Having a face that seems to exhibit honesty and sincerity.     相貌老实的，坦率的看起来相貌坦率诚实的
 The hearing is adjourned sine die.     审讯被无限期地推迟。
example sentence not found
 A country's sinews are its roads and railways.     公路和铁路是国家的命脉.
 I admire her sinewy prose style.     我钦佩她那强劲有力的散文风格。
 All of us are sinful.     我们所有人都是有罪的。
 She was singing a lullaby to her child.     她正在给孩子唱摇篮曲。
 Singapore is near the equator.     新加坡位于赤道附近。
 The rug singed because it was too near the fire.     地毯太靠近壁炉已烤焦了.
 He is a very popular folk singer.     他是一位很受欢迎的民歌手。
 We bicycled along, singing loudly.     我们骑着脚踏车前进，大声歌唱着。
 The entire content of a book will be located on a single silicon chip.     整本书的内容只用一片硅芯片就可以装下。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Myself. Used as a reflexive when we is used instead of I by a singular speaker or author, as in an editorial or a royal proclamation.     我自己我自己。当单个说话者或作者（如在报纸杂志社论或皇家声明中）用we代替I时所使用的反身代词
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His sinister look frightened them.     他那阴险的神情吓坏了他们。
 The ship was sunk by an enemy torpedo.     这艘船被敌人的鱼雷击沉了。
 John was so easily fooled that he fell for Joe's story hook, line and sinker.     约翰是那么容易受骗，竟毫不怀疑地相信乔的话。
example sentence not found
 Sinner down, Kelly, no point of argue with him.     冷静些凯利，没有必要同他争论。
 Marked by or moving in a wavelike form or motion; sinuous.     波状的或以波浪式运动的；起伏不平的
 I sipped at the coffee.     我啜饮咖啡。
 If you're short of petrol you can siphon off a gallon from my tank.     如果汽油不够，你可以从我的油箱中用虹吸管吸一加仑去。
 I'm sorry, sir, the telephone line is busy.     对不起，先生，电话占线。
 The old man has sire a boy child at the age of seventy.     那位老人在七十岁时得子做了父亲。
 We all heard the air-raid siren.     我们都听到了空袭警报器的声音。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You should take care of your niece for the sake of your sister.     看在姐妹的份上, 你应该照顾你的侄女。
example sentence not found
 The farm sits on the side of the hill.     农场位于山坡上。
example sentence not found
 The site is being developed by a London property company.     这块地正在由伦敦的一家地产公司开发利用.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I was sitting in the garden enjoying the sunshine.     我坐在庭院里享受明媚的阳光。
 This is more of a sitting room than a kitchen.     与其说这是一个厨房还不如说这是一个起居室。
 The company wants to situate its headquarters in the north.     公司想把总部设在北方.
 Situated in the back or at the side.     后门的，边门的位于后面的或旁边的
 The company is in a poor financial situation.     该公司经济状况艰难。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The heifer is only six months old.     这只小母牛只有六个月大。
 Wages were sixpence a week within living memory.     周工资为六便士的年代, 人们记忆犹新.
 Although she was only sixteen years old, she could hold her own against players twice her age.     虽然她只有16岁，但是她能战胜比她年纪大两位的选手。
 Tom is one of the seers in the sixteenth century.     汤姆是十六世纪的先知。
 The youngest children are in the first form, the oldest in the sixth form.     最小的儿童上一年级, 最大的上六年级.
example sentence not found
 This fire hose is about sixty feet long.     这段消防水管大约有60 英尺长。
 Market booming sizable quantity report exchange hand at vary price15.5to16.25 corresponding7% to12% rise     市场旺盛，据报道成交量很大：价格约涨7％到12％，在15。50到16。25之间。
 Would you like to try this jacket on for size, sir?     先生，你要不要试穿一下这件夹克衫，看看尺寸是否合适？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I can move very fast across the ice on skates.     我穿着冰鞋在冰上滑得很快。
example sentence not found
 The skater executed a perfect set of figures.     那个滑冰的人做出了一套完美的花样动作。
 May I borrow your roller skates?     我可以借你的滚轴溜冰鞋吗？
 The girls are skating and the boys (are) watching.     这些女孩在溜冰，而这些男孩在观看。
example sentence not found
 The point or mode of attachment of a skeletal muscle to the bone or other body part that it moves.     附着处骨骼肌肉与骨或它所带动的身体其他部分的连接点或连接方式
 People cheered when the57, 000-ton steel skeleton was topped out in33 weeks-12 days ahead of schedule.     当这座建筑物的５７，０００吨重的钢骨在３３周内――比原计划提前１２天――完成时，人们欢欣鼓舞。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 If a man really have strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.     假如一个人果真有强烈的信仰，就可以纵情享受（宗教上的）怀疑主义了。
 In his most recent satirical sketch Heywood sent up fashionable young women who worked for charitable causes.     海伍德在最近的一篇讽刺小品里讽刺了那些为慈善事业工作的时髦女郎。
example sentence not found
 Information about the crisis was sketchy and hard to get.     关於这次危机的消息所知甚少并且很难获得.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The girl asked her father to buy a pair of skis for her.     那个女孩请求她的父亲给她买一副滑雪板。
example sentence not found
 The brakes locked, causing the car to skid.     汽车因车轮刹住而打滑。
example sentence not found
 I like skiing and in the meantime, I know it is very dangerous.     我喜欢滑雪, 同时也知道这非常危险。
 The new method caught on and many peasants became very skilful at it.     这个新方法很受欢迎，很多农民都掌握得很好了。
 The point is there is a difference between an interest and a skill.     这就是兴趣与技能是有区别的。
 Skilled mechanics can quickly be brought to the assistance of motorists.     熟练的机械师可迅速地被派去救援汽车驾驶人。
example sentence not found
 Skillful in the use of the hands.     灵巧的手的使用熟练的
 He steered the car skillfully through the narrow streets.     他熟练地驾驶着汽车穿过狭窄的街道。
example sentence not found
 The hovercraft is able to skim over the water.     气垫船能掠过水面飞速行驶。
example sentence not found
 A seagull skims the water.     海鸥掠过水面。
 Use plenty of oil. Don't skimp!     多用些油. 别省著!
example sentence not found
 He had brown skin.     他的皮肤是棕色的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He looks much too skinny/scrawny to be a weight-lifter.     他瘦骨嶙峋的, 当不了举重运动员.
 Lambs skipped in the field.     小羊在田野里跳跃。
example sentence not found
 I read the whole book without skipping (a page).     我一页不漏地读完了全书.
 The skirmish grew into a major battle.     小冲突扩大形成大战斗。
 We decided to skirt round the town center.     我们决心绕过市中心。
 A traditional British Christmas entertainment for children, usually based on nursery tales and featuring stock characters in costume who sing, dance, and perform skits.     童话剧为儿童演的一种传统的英国圣诞节娱乐剧，常以幼儿园故事为基础，演员装扮成牲畜进行唱歌、跳舞和表演滑稽剧
example sentence not found
 He's usually skiving down at the pub when there's gardening to be done.     他常在需要整理花园时就躲进酒馆去了.
example sentence not found
 The burglar skulk behind the door when he hear someone talking.     当窃贼听到有人谈话时即躲在门后。
 The farmer turned up a human skull while ploughing the field.     那农民　地时挖出一个人类的头颅骨.
 Exclusiveness is a characteristic of recent riches, high society, and the skunk.     排他主义，是为了近来的有钱人家、上流阶级以及臭鼬等的特色。
 The sky slowly changed from blue to red.     天空慢慢由蓝色变为红色。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The prince vituperated against the developers for ruining London's skyline.     王子斥责土地开发商破坏了伦敦市建筑物映在空中的轮廓线之美.
example sentence not found
 A new skyscraper has been put up downtown.     市中心又建起了一座摩天大厦。
 A slab of stone laid flat over a grave.     平放在墓上的纪念碑石
 Business is slack just now.     目前生意萧条不振。
 The train slackened speed as we approached the station.     当我们快到车站时，火车减慢了速度。
example sentence not found
 The limestone absorb impurity from the ore and form a fluid slag which floats on the surface of the heavier molten iron.     石灰石吸咐了铁矿石中的杂质，形成浮在较重的铁水表面上的流动渣。
 A living creature slain and offered as a sacrifice during a religious rite.     祭品在宗教仪式中的屠杀并奉为牺牲品的活的动物
 We had to slake ourselves with rainwater in the desert.     在沙漠中我们不得不用雨水解渴。
example sentence not found
 He closed the door with a slam.     他砰的一声关上门。
 He claims he was slandered at the meeting.     他声称在会上受人诋毁。
 Containing or implying calumny; slanderous or defamatory.     栽赃的含有或隐含有明知故犯嫌疑的；诽谤或中伤的
 Slang insinuates itself into the language.     俚语慢慢地渗入语言中。
 We slanted across the river.     我们斜渡过河。
 His decision was a slap in the face to those who had tried to change his mind.     他的决定对于那些试图要说服他的人不啻是一记耳光。
example sentence not found
 I prefer the dry humour of situation comedy to the slapstick of circus clowns.     我喜欢滑稽戏不动声色的幽默。不喜欢马戏小丑的低级滑稽。
 The government promises to slash taxes.     政府许诺大幅减税。
 Gales uprooted trees and whipped the slats off roofs.     大风把树木连根拔起，并掀掉了屋顶的石板瓦。
 The falling slate sliced into his arm.     落下来的一块石片划破了他的手臂.
example sentence not found
 Bison used to roam through the American great plains, but most of them are slaughter by hunter.     从前野牛在美国大平原上漫游，但是大多数都被猎人屠杀了。
 The slave has never experienced the sweetness of freedom.     这个奴隶从未体验过自由的快乐。
example sentence not found
 Stop slavering over thatbaby!     别总看著人家的孩子了!
 The abolition of slavery had been exercised in many countries.     奴隶制在许多国家已经被废除。
 Two visitors were brutally slain yesterday.     昨天有两名游客惨遭杀害。
example sentence not found
 Jack dug his sled out of the cellar.     杰克在地窑里找到了他的雪橇。
example sentence not found
 A frame or sledge on which condemned persons were dragged to execution.     囚笼，囚车一种架子或雪橇，遭指控者被拖到其上施刑
example sentence not found
 He sleeked back his hair with water before going in to meet her.     他进去见她之前，用水将头发梳理得很光亮。
 I haven't had enough sleep lately.     最近我睡眠不够。
 That movie is the sleeper of the year: suddenly everyone has to see it.     那部电影爆出冷门，成了今年的最佳影片。突然间，每一个人都不得不一睹为快
example sentence not found
 Occasionally she had to take sleeping pills.     她偶尔不得不吃安眠药。
 She had psyched herself up so much for the camping trip that she forgot her sleeping bag.     因为要出去野营，她特别地激动，以至于忘了带睡袋
 The sleeping pills soon put her off to sleep.     安眠药片不久就使她睡着了。
 She looked pale and drawn after weeks of sleepless nights.     她经历了数周不眠之夜, 看上去脸色苍白, 形容憔悴.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The softness of the breeze made him feel sleepy.     柔和的微风使他昏昏欲睡。
 The quantity of water, expressed in inches, precipitated as rain, snow, hail, or sleet in a specified area and time interval.     降雨量雨的数量以英寸表示，为某一地区在特定时间段内雨、雪、冰雹或霰的积累量
 There's a big rip in my sleeve.     我的袖子破了一大块.
 He rolled up his sleeves and got to work in the garden.     他卷起了袖子，在花园里干起活来。
 My feet were cold as a stone when I got out of the sleigh.     我从雪橇上下来时，两脚冻得像石头一样。
example sentence not found
 The birch has smooth bark and slender branches.     桦树有光滑的皮和细长的枝。
 You slept right through the thunderstorm.     你一直睡著, 这场雷雨都没把你吵醒.
 The captain could not slew the ship round in time to avoid an accident.     船长没能及时地掉转船头避免事故发生。
 The shark's fin sliced the water.     鲨鱼的背鳍像刀样迅速划破水面。
example sentence not found
 I advised them to watch out for slick spots on the sidewalk.     我叫他们当心人行道上路滑的地方。
 The thief slid into the room.     小偷溜进房间。
 The thief slid into the room.     小偷溜进房间。
example sentence not found
 Her slight frame was shaken by bouts of coughing.     她纤弱的身躯因阵阵咳嗽而发颤。
 The union has been forced to slightly modify its position.     工会被迫稍稍改变立场。
 She tries to get fit and slim down.     她努力使身体健康体形苗条。
 Soft mud or slime.     软泥或粘泥
 You slimy little creep!     你这个卑鄙无耻的奴才！
 The line of flags was slung up between two trees.     一排旗帜悬挂在两棵树之间。
example sentence not found
 The dog slunk out when I shouted at him.     我向那条狗一喊, 它就溜出去了.
 You are not going to let a wonderful chance like that slip through your fingers, are you?     你不会错过那样的好机会，对吗？
 A slipper with a soft sole resembling this boot.     爱斯基摩式靴类似这种靴子的一种有软后跟的拖鞋
 Negotiation of the slippery road was not easy.     通过这条很滑的路并不容易。
example sentence not found
 The rider's jacket is slit up the back to make it more comfortable to wear when riding.     骑手的夹克后背上开着长叉，使他骑在马上穿着更舒服。
example sentence not found
 A sliver of citrus peel twisted over or dropped into a beverage for flavoring.     橘子皮放入或加入饮料中调味的一小块橘子皮
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 School is a hard slog.     念书是共事。
 I wish the exclamation mark had not been painted out, it would have made the slogan more forceful.     我想那个惊叹号要是没有被涂掉就好了，它会使标语更加有为。
example sentence not found
 I dropped the bucket, and water slopped out (of it).     我把桶掉在地上, 水都洒了出来.
 His cottage is on the gentle slope of the hill.     他的小屋在山的缓坡上。
 An upper, sloping gallery with seats for spectators, as in a theater or an operating room.     阶梯式座位区有为观众设置的阶梯式座位的房间，如剧院和外科手术室
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It's not easy to slot all the young school-leavers in to suitable jobs.     给所有年轻的学校毕业生安排合适的工作并不是件容易的事情。
 He has kept sloth out.     他已经克服了懒惰。
example sentence not found
 The bolt slotted smoothly into place.     插销很容易就插上了.
 Don't slouch! Stand up straight!     别没精打采的! 起来站直了!
 The name of the slough was Despond.     这个深渊名叫绝望。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This student is slow in learning English.     这个学生学英语很笨。
 The empty car rolled down the hill in slow motion and nobody could do anything to stop it.     这辆空车极其缓慢地从山丘上滑下来，但没有人能阻止住它。
 Genetski believes that the unemployment numbers, to be released this week, won't shed much light on a potential slowdown, becausebusinesses won't start laying off workers until the evidence of reduced orders is undeniable.     格涅斯基相信，本周将发布的失业数字将不能说明[经济]是否可能疲软，因为“除非订单减少到不可否认的程度，商家不会开始解雇工人。”
 The captain decided to take Jeff off and try a slower bowler.     队长决定把杰夫换下来，换上一个慢一点的投球手。
 Tears distilled slowly from her eyes.     泪水从她的眼睛里慢慢地滴下来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 These tablets make me feel rather sluggish.     我吃了这些药片感到困倦无力。
 The stables were sluiced out with water from a hose.     马厩已经用水管子冲洗过了。
 They have demolished the slum district.     贫民区已被拆除。
 The baby slumbered in his cradle.     婴儿安睡在摇篮里。
example sentence not found
 The current economic slump is an earnest of the major recession to come.     当前的经济滑坡预示着一次大的衰退即将来临。
 A curved line indicating such a phrase; a slur.     连线表示这个乐句的弧线；连线
 Stop slurping!     吃喝时别发出这麽大的声音!
example sentence not found
 She must have been having lessons on the sly.     她准是暗地里一直在上课。
 He smacked the book angrily on the table.     他生气地把书啪的一声丢在桌子上。
 The penalty clause was hidden in the small print.     惩罚条款印在不起眼的小号字体部分。
 The trouble with the new pound coins is that you think you've only got a pocketful of small change but in fact it's worth several pounds.     新发行的一英镑硬币给人造成的麻烦是，你以为你只有一口袋零钱，但实际上，那值好几英镑。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Smallpox has almost been eradicated.     天花几乎已经被消灭了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The smart of his wound kept him awake.     伤痛使他无法入睡。
example sentence not found
 The lock was rusty, so we had to smash the door open.     锁锈住了，我们得把门砸开。
 He went stark raving mad and began smashing the place up.     他发疯了，开始把这块地方砸得粉碎。
example sentence not found
 This accusation of bribery is a vile smear on an honorable citizen.     这项有关贿赂的指控是对一个正直公民的无耻诽谤。
 I could smell that the milk was not fresh.     我闻得出牛奶不新鲜。
example sentence not found
 The newly ploughed fields smelt sweet.     新犁过的土地散发着芳香。
 Her smile makes her even more beautiful.     她的微笑使她更美丽了。
 I saw the joy in her smiling face.     从她的笑脸上我看到欢欣。
example sentence not found
 Come on, professor, does not smirk at me like that.     拜托！老师，你不要那样对着我假笑。
 The hero smote the giant with his sword.     英雄用剑猛劈巨人。
 Smith signaled the auctioneer quietly and kicked the bid up another thousand.     史密斯悄悄地向地向拍卖人做手势，然后把出价又抬高了1，000元。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was so smitten by(with) the view that he stopped and took out his camera.     他被那景色迷住了，于是停下来拿出照相机。
 A loose smock worn by laborers.     工作服工人穿的宽松工作服
 On the night of December1, 1930, a cloud of smog moved over a valley in Belgium, which caused thousands of people to become ill.     1930年12月1日晚上，一片烟雾飘过比利时的一个山谷，这使数千人病倒了。
 The smoke of the burning house could be seen many blocks away.     着火的房子的冒出的烟在几个街区外都能看到。
 We will serve smoked cod's roe at the dinner.     宴会上我们将上一道熏鳕鱼子。
example sentence not found
 Non-smokers often disapprove of smoking in public.     不吸烟的人往往不赞成别人在公共场合吸烟。
 Smoking is not good for your health.     吸烟对你的健康没有好处。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The birch has smooth bark and slender branches.     桦树有光滑的皮和细长的枝。
example sentence not found
 A trowel-shaped tool for smoothing the surface of clay, sand, or plaster in a mold.     （瓦工的）镘用以刮光模子中泥土、沙粒或灰泥的表面的铲型工具
 I heard a car engine purring smoothly.     我听到一辆汽车发动机发出平稳的轰隆声。
 The hero smote the giant with his sword.     英雄用剑猛劈巨人。
 Smother the flames from the burning pan with a wet towel.     用湿毛巾把锅里的火扑灭.
 Her eyes smoulder with jealousy.     她的眼睛露出嫉妒的目光。
 Wet ink smudges easily.     墨水没乾很容易弄出污迹.
example sentence not found
 He was arrested for smuggling out currency.     他因携带货币出境而被捕。
 The smuggler is still at large.     那个走私贩仍逍遥法外。
 There have been several successful prosecutions for drug smuggling recently.     近来有几起毒品走私活动被检举立案.
example sentence not found
 I'm not very hungry a small snack is fine for me.     我不太饿--来点小吃就够了.
 No, I'm going to the snack bar to get a doughnut and some milk.     不，我要到小吃店买一个油炸圈饼和一些牛奶。
 The negotiations struck a snag when the union leaders asked for paid holidays in addition to the usual wage increase.     当工会领袖们要求在通常的工资增加之外还应有带薪假日时，商谈遇到了阻碍。
 I can't bear him; he does everything at a snail's pace.     我真受不了他，他做什么事都磨磨蹭蹭。
 The snake coiled itself around the tree.     蛇盘绕在树上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The shark snapped its jaws shut.     鲨鱼啪嗒一声把嘴合上了。
example sentence not found
 Pack your bags and make it snappy; we leave in five minutes.     赶快把东西装进你们的包里，5分钟后我们就走。
 Send or receiving a new snapshot overwrite the previous image.     发送或接收一幅新的快照会覆盖前面的图象。
 A snare or trap for game.     狩猎用的陷阱或圈套
 The dog snarled at the milkman.     那条狗对著送牛奶的人低声吠叫.
 The machine snarled the material up.     机器把材料搅在一起了.
 He snatched up his gun and fired.     他突然拿起枪来射击。
example sentence not found
 The cat ate the food and sneaked off.     猫吃完食物就偷偷跑了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 James love sneaking up on his sister to frighten her.     詹姆斯喜欢溜到妹妹身后吓她一大跳。
 Don't sneer at their religion.     不要嘲笑他们的宗教。
 The pepper in the food caused me to/made me sneeze.     这食物中的胡椒味儿呛得我直打喷嚏.
 With all that dust about, he couldn't stop sneezing.     到处都是灰尘, 他不停地打著喷嚏.
example sentence not found
 His generous offer is not to be sniffed at.     对他的慷慨厚意不可嗤之以鼻。
 What are you sniggering at? Haven't you seen people kissing before?     你们笑什麽? 没见过接吻吗?
 He snipped the string and untied the parcel.     他剪断绳子，解开包裹。
 Jack is seldom irritated when newspapermen snipe at him in their columns. It's a matter of patience born of long experience.     杰克很少因为新闻记者撰稿在报纸上攻击他而生气。这是他漫长的经历所培养出来的一种耐性。
 Snipers and irregulars fell on the hapless patrol.     狙击兵和非正规军袭击了巡逻队
 This part of the town has a lot of snob appeal.     该城的这一区很能吸引自视甚高的人.
 Her novel is a satire on social snobbery.     她的小说是描写势利小人的讽刺作品.
 It is strange that he should fall in love with such a snobbish girl.     说来真怪，他居然与那位高傲的女孩子坠入情网。
 I don't understand the finer points of snooker but I enjoy watching it on TV.     我不太懂落袋台球游戏, 但我喜欢看电视里的这种节目.
 I say you kiss my wife! what have you to say.- Do not let me catch you snoop again!     我说你跟我老婆亲嘴！你有什么话说。――可别让我再看到你偷偷摸摸的探头头脑！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her husband snores loudly.     她丈夫睡觉时打鼾很响。
example sentence not found
 He snorted out a reply.     他气呼呼地回答。
 A leather or wire restraining appliance that, when fitted over an animal's snout, prevents biting and eating.     动物的口套，口络套在动物的鼻口部以防止其咬和吃的一种皮质或者金属丝制成的限制装置
 He watched his woods filled up with snow.     他眼看着他的树林渐渐被雪覆盖。
example sentence not found
 In the severe winter of1947, farmers had to dig their livestock out of huge snowdrifts.     在1947年严峻的冬天，农民们不得不挖开大雪堆把他们的家畜救出来。
 A heavy snowfall block the main road.     一次严重的降雪阻塞了主要公路。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The roads were sanded after the snowstorm.     道路在暴风雪之后铺上了沙子。
 I like to go for a walk in the snowy streets.     我喜欢去雪中的街道上散步。
 I know the way we were snubbed still rankles, but it's got to be put behind us now. We must cooperate with these people.     我知道，他们过去那样冷落我们，至今仍然令人气愤，但是现在我们应该把它置之脑后，因为我们必须同这些人合作。
 Her goal was to snuff out all political opposition to her empress ambitions.     她的目的是要消除一切不利于她实现发女皇宏图的政治对抗。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Snug, comfortable, and warm.     舒适的、惬意的和温暖的
 The child snuggled up to her mother.     那孩子紧贴在母亲身边.
 Plane one side of the panel down until it fits snugly into place.     把板条的一侧刨一刨，使它放在这儿刚好合适。
 You have pride and so have I.     你有自尊心，我也有。
 The bus route goes so far as that, so you'll need to take a taxi.     汽车路线到此为止了, 你得叫辆的士。
 My wife is expecting me at home. I must be off now. So long!     我妻子正在家等着我呢。我必须要走了。再见！
 I don't care about the price, so long as the car is in good condition.     我不计较价钱，只要车很好用就行了。
example sentence not found
 Success lies not so much as in luck as in hard work.     与其说成功在于运气不如说是辛勤努力。
 Don't stand out there: you'll get soaked through.     你别站在外边，要不全身都要湿透了
 The blood soaked through his shirt and stained his jacket.     他的血透过衬衫染污了上衣.
 The dirty clothes are soaking in soapy water.     脏衣服都在肥皂水里泡著呢.
 The soap slipped out of my hand.     肥皂从我手上滑落了。
 What a sensational story! It has all the elements of a soap opera.     多麽耸人听闻的事! 具备连续剧的一切要素.
 Soapy was tossed into prison without trial.     苏比未经审叛就被投进了监狱。
 Set the bird's wings with gold and it will never again soar in the sky.     鸟翼上系上了黄金，这鸟便永不能再在天上翱翔了。
 The glider was soaring above the valley.     那架滑翔机在山谷上空滑翔。
 She sobbed out the story of her son's violent death.     她哭著诉说儿子横死的经过.
 The bad news had a sobering effect on all of us.     对我们大家来说，这个坏消息是发人深省的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The boy who is speaking to Helen enjoys playing soccer.     正在跟海伦谈话的那男孩喜爱踢足球。
 Shunning the society of others; not sociable.     厌恶社交的避免与别人交往的；不爱社交的
example sentence not found
 We are invited to a small social gathering.     我们被邀请参加一个小型社交聚会。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Some say that capitalism and socialism will eventually converge.     有人说资本主义和社会主义最终会合而为一。
 They all support socialist policies.     他们都拥护社会主义的政策。
 That socialistic nation pay homage to the previous premier.     那个社会主义国家向前任首相表达敬意。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The care of the baby naturally tied her down so that she was not so active socially as before.     要照顾婴儿，自然拴住了她，使她不能像以前那样积极参加社会活动。
 She joined the university art society.     她加入了大学里的艺术协会。
example sentence not found
 The study of the cultural, behavioral, and sociological aspects of spatial distances between individuals.     人类空间统计学研究人与人之间空间距离的文化，行为，社会层面的学科
 A sociologist who specializes in the problems of cities and urban life.     都市学专家研究专业方向为城市问题和城市生活的社会学家
 Major courses contributing to management qualification: Management, accounting, economics, marketing, sociology.     对管理资格有帮助的主要课程：管理学、会计学、经济学、市场学、社会学。
 Can't you put a sock in it? I'm trying to work.     别出声了好不好? 我要工作呢.
 This type of bulb screws into the socket.     这种灯是拧到灯座上的.
 These socks retail at 1 dollar a pair.     这些袜子零卖一美圆一双。
 Socrates laid the foundations of logic.     苏格拉底奠定了逻辑学的基础。
example sentence not found
 The new boss is a mean sod!     新来的上司是个大坏蛋!
 Two brandies and soda, please.     劳驾，来两杯白兰地加苏打水。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Common salt is a compound of sodium and chlorine.     食盐是钠和氯的化合物.
 I nestled down on the big sofa and began to read novels.     我舒适地靠在大沙发上，开始看小说。
 Don't be so soft there's nothing to be afraid of.     别这麽窝囊，没什麽可怕的嘛。
 A soft drink with ice cream floating in it.     饮料一种上面浮有冰淇淋的软饮料
example sentence not found
 The more you soften a request, the more polite it becomes.     你愈使请求柔婉，请求就愈变为客气。
example sentence not found
 Speak softly and carry a big stick.     说话要温和，但手里要拿着大棒。
 The softness of the breeze made him feel sleepy.     柔和的微风使他昏昏欲睡。
example sentence not found
 Our English software is an interactive educational software.     我们的英语软件是一种交互式教育软件。
 Resembling a marsh; soggy.     沼泽地的象沼泽地的；湿润的
 What shall we grow in this alkaline soil?     我们应该在碱性土壤里种什么？
example sentence not found
 I am a sojourner of that village.     我是那个小村庄的逗留者。
 The sick man found solace in music.     那男病人从音乐中获得了安慰.
 The solar cell can convert the energy of sunlight into electric energy.     太阳能电池能把阳光的能量转化为电能。
 One of the four brightest satellites of Jupiter and the eighth in distance from the planet. Originally sighted by Galileo, it is one of the largest satellites in the solar system.     木卫三木星四颗最亮的卫星之一，距木星的远近程度是第八位。最早伽利略观察到，是太阳系最大的卫星之一
 The painting was sold at a profit.     这幅图画可获利销售。
example sentence not found
 The soldier saw a gun jutting out from a bush.     那士兵看见一支枪从矮树丛伸出来。
 I'm having my shoes soled and heeled.     我要叫人给鞋子换鞋底和鞋跟。
example sentence not found
 I did it solely for his sake.     我完全为了他才做那件事。
 The hollies in the garden make it look solemn.     冬青树使园子看上去很肃穆。
 Solemnity is a trick of the body to hide the faults of the mind.     一本正经的态度，是肉体为了掩饰精神上的缺陷而作出的一手花招。
 On Saturday morning my father solemnly dispensed pocket money to each of the children.     星期六上午我父亲郑重其事地给每个孩子发零花钱.
example sentence not found
 An employee who stands before the entrance to a show, as at a carnival, and solicits customers with a loud, colorful sales spiel.     大声叫卖者在巡回演出时，站在入口处以大声叫喊或各种各样降价推销招徕顾客的雇员
 His selfishness caused him to refuse my solicitation.     他的自私让他拒绝了我的请求。
 Her solicitor drew up her last will and testament.     她的律师拟就了她的遗嘱。
 I am solicitous of his help.     我渴得到他的帮助。
 The solicitude of the caring husband for his wife made her feel unhappy.     那位体贴的丈夫对妻子的关怀使她感觉很不高兴。
 They were glad to leave the boat and put their feet on the solid ground.     他们很高兴能离开海船，回到坚实的陆地上。
example sentence not found
 A process of rock alteration or mineral formation brought about by the action of gases emitted from solidifying magma.     气成作用；气成通过从岩浆凝固中释放气体的作用下引起的岩石改变或矿物形成的过程
 It rained solidly for three hours.     雨不停地下了三个小时.
example sentence not found
 The game solitaire.     单人纸牌戏
 The trapper leads a solitary life in the mountains.     那个设陷阱捕猎的人孤独地生活在山里。
 The scientist has spent six months in the solitudes of the Antarctic.     这位科学家已经在人迹罕至的南极待了六个月了。
 The concert began with a piano solo.     音乐会以钢琴独奏曲拉开序幕。
 He often appears as a soloist.     他经常作为独奏者上台演出。
 I am thinking about taking a fifth wife; why not? Solomon had a thousand wives and he is a synonym for wisdom.     我在考虑娶第五个妻子；为什么不可以？所罗门王有妻妾一千，而他还是智慧的同义词哩。
example sentence not found
 A fabled bird, identified with the kingfisher, that was supposed to have had the power to calm the wind and the waves while it nested on the sea during the winter solstice.     神翠鸟一种神话中的鸟，人们认为它即是翡翠鸟，据说当它在冬至期间在海上筑巢时，具有平息风浪的力量
 These problems are not readily soluble.     这些问题不容易解决。
 It seems (to me) (to be) the best solution.     （依我看）这似乎是最好的解决办法.
example sentence not found
 The greatest scholar cannot solve this difficult problem.     再伟大的学者也没有办法解答这个难题吧。
example sentence not found
 The chemical process by means of which a change in physical condition, as in pressure or temperature, or the action of a solvent causes a molecule to split into simpler groups of atoms, single atoms, or ions.     离解（作用）在物理状态下，如在压力或温度下的变化，或在溶剂的作用下，使分子分离为更简单的一组原子、单原子或离子的化学过程
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A funeral is a somber occasion.     葬礼是个忧郁的场合。
 A funeral is a sombre occasion.     葬礼是个忧郁的场合。
 There is some ice in the bush.     树丛里有些冰。
 He mistook me for somebody else.     他把我错认为别人了。
 Perhaps someday I'll be rich.     也许有一天我会富起来。
 Somehow, I don't feel I can trust him.     不知什么缘故，我觉得不能信任他。
 Someone in the audience began to laugh.     观众中有人开始笑起来。
 The child somersaulted across the gymnasium.     那孩子翻著跟头从体育馆这头翻到那头.
 I want something to eat.     我想吃点东西。
 I hope to see you again sometime next year.     我希望明年某一时候再见到你。
 The vowels in the English alphabet are a,e,i,o,u, and, sometimes, y.     英语的元音字母有a，e，i，o，u，有时也包括y。
 The cake we made was somewhat of a failure.     我们做的蛋糕不大成功。
 You will find the text somewhere in the Bible.     你会在圣经里找到这段文章。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The people in Christendom believe that the Christ was the Son of God.     在基督教界人们相信基督是上帝之子。
example sentence not found
 The first part of a composition in sonata form that introduces the themes.     呈示部奏呜曲式音乐作品中表现主旋律的第一部分
 This song is often ascribed to Bach.     这首歌曲常被说成是巴赫做的。
example sentence not found
 A trademark used for a sonic depth finder.     回音测深仪一种声音测深仪的商标
example sentence not found
 He read us a sonnet that celebrates love.     他给我们读了一首歌颂爱情的十四行诗。
example sentence not found
 The sonorous voice of the priest resounded in the church.     教士那圆润低沉的声音在教堂里回响。
 I'll be back soon.     我很快就回来。
 The sooner the better.     st. 越快越好.
 You'vegot a smudge of soot on your cheek.     你脸上有块煤灰污迹.
 Her tenderness soothed my anger.     她的亲切平息了我的怒气。
 A nice cup of tea will soothe your nerves.     一杯好茶可以使你的心绪平静下来。
 Having the quality or fragrance of balm; soothing.     香味的，安慰的有香膏、香油、香脂的品质或香味的；安慰的
 The plan we were all sop enthusiastic about seems less attractive when viewed in the cold light of day.     我们原先都对这计划抱有热望，但回过头来冷静地、切合实际地想一想，似乎计划的吸引力还不够。
 Sophia said that she understood but this was not the case.     索菲娅说她懂了，但事实并非如此。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The electronics aboard the new aircraft are very sophisticated.     安装在新飞行器上的电子器件非常复杂
 The avionics on this spacecraft represent a new generation of sophistication.     这架航天飞机上的电子设备代表了新一代的复杂水平
 Deception by trickery or sophistry.     圈套通过诡计或诡辩进行的欺骗
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Inducing sleep; soporific.     睡眠的产生睡眠的，引起酣睡的
 It's a soprano of great compass and of great purity.     这是一种音域宽广，高度纯正的女高音。
example sentence not found
 At that time most people believe in sorcery and witchcraft.     那时候大多数人相信巫术和魔法。
 He has sordid motives on us.     他对我们有卑鄙的动机。
 The poor dog was covered with sores.     这只可怜的狗满身全是伤。
 I feel shivery and I have gotten a sore throat.     我觉得怕冷发抖，而且喉咙疼痛。
 Shut the shop for a few days, and come with us, Sam. I'm sorely tempted to.     把店门关几天，跟我们去，萨姆。我是很想去。
example sentence not found
 Sympathy and sorrow aroused by the misfortune or suffering of another.     同情，怜悯对他人所受的不幸或遭遇产生的同情和悲哀
example sentence not found
 He was sorry for her and tried to cheer her up.     他为她感到难过，并试图使她振作起来。
 What sort of book do you want?     你要哪一类的书？
example sentence not found
 Before sorting stamps, any paper sticking to the backs must be removed.     在把邮票分类之前，任何粘在后面的别的纸都得去掉。
 `What was the exam like?' `So-so!'     ｀考试考得怎样啊?＇｀还行!＇
 The government has sought an injunction preventing the paper from publishing the story.     政府已经申请禁令，禁止该报发表此事。
 The soul is immortal.     灵魂不灭.
example sentence not found
 I caught a curious sound in the neighboring room.     我听到隔壁房间里有奇怪的响声。
 The sound effects of the fight were very good in that radio play.     广播剧中那场战斗的音响效果很好.
 He has been soundly defeated at chess.     他在国际象棋比赛中一败涂地.
 Enjoying or marked by physical, mental, or moral soundness; healthy.     健康的拥有身体、心理和道德上的健康的；健康的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This soup tastes great.     这个汤非常美味。
 The hot weather has soured the milk.     炎热的天气使牛奶变酸了。
 Where is the source of the Rhine?     莱茵河发源于何处？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Souse fish used to be one of her favorite dish.     腌鱼曾经是她最喜欢吃的菜之一。
 A humid wind blew from the south.     湿润的风从南方吹来。
 The Dutch settled in South Africa.     荷兰人在南非殖民.
 The robbers jumped bail and fled to South America.     这批盗贼被保释后不期出庭接受审判，却逃到南美洲去了。
 Like Mr.Perot, the77-year-old Mr.Chung is campaigning on a platform that the country's current leadership has run the economy into the ground, though it is a tough argument in South Korea, where economic growth this year is running at more than7 percent.     像佩罗先生一样，77岁的郑先生的竞选口号是：目前国家领导操之过急把经济搞得一塌糊涂。不过在南韩这种说法难以成立――该国本年经济增长超过百分之七。
 It is a six-day sailing from Southampton to New York.     从南安普敦到纽约要六天的航程。
 The wind is in the southeast.     东南部有风。
 A historical region of southeast Asia on the Gulf of Tonkin, an arm of the South China Sea, now forming most of northern Vietnam. It was part of French Indochina from1887 to1946.     东京湾东南亚一历史地区，位于东京湾沿岸，为南中国海的一支。该地现在组成了越南北部的大部分地区。从1887年到1946年，这里是法属印度支那的一部分
example sentence not found
 Suppose you ask a guy where he's from and with a deep southern drawl he tell you he's from New York.     例如你问某人是哪儿人，他会拖着深沉的南方长音告诉你说他是纽约人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Wales is in the southwest of the British Island.     威尔士在大不列颠岛的西南部。
example sentence not found
 I bought this bag as a souvenir of my visit to London.     我买了这个袋子作为访问伦敦的纪念品。
 Character is of sovereign importance.     人品最为重要。
 An Australian-administered island in the eastern Indian Ocean south of Java. It was annexed by Great Britain in1888 and came under Australian sovereignty in1958.     圣诞岛爪哇岛南部印度洋东部的一座岛屿，由澳大利亚管辖。在1888年由英国吞并，1958年主权归澳大利亚
 The US and the former Soviet Union were co-signatories of/to the treaty.     美国和前苏联都是条约的签署国.
 His words had sowed the seeds of suspicion in their minds.     他的话已在他们心中播下怀疑的种子。
 A Philippine dish of marinated vegetables and meat or fish seasoned with garlic, soy sauce, and spices and served with rice.     阿都波一种由海菜及肉或鱼做成的菲律宾菜肴，用咖喱、酱油和香料作调料，佐以米饭
example sentence not found
 Please pound up the soybeans.     请把黄豆捣成粉。
example sentence not found
 There is plenty of space here to move about.     这里有很大的活动空间。
 The science and technology of space flight.     航天学，宇宙航行学研究宇宙飞行的科学及技术
 After Apollo, NASA's leaders turned their backs on the stars and planets. They delayed or canceled astronomy and space missions, gambling the agency's future on hardware like the space shuttle and space station.     阿波罗［探测外太空火箭］过后，美国宇航局的领导放弃了对星球的探测。他们搁置或取消了天文及太空任务，而将该局的前途赌在航天飞机及太空站一类的硬件上。
 During this exercise, the spaceship will be locked onto the other side of the space station, so that the men can move from one vehicle to the other.     这次演习中，宇宙飞船将紧紧地靠上宇航站的另一边，这样宇航员就可以从一个飞行器走到另一个飞行器上了。
 The scientists calculated when the spacecraft would reach the moon.     科学家推算出宇宙飞船抵达月球的时间。
 There are five spacemen in the spaceship.     宇宙飞船里有五个飞行员。
 In typewriters, spacing of10 characters to the inch.     在打字机中，一英寸十个字符的间隔。
 The systematic arrangement of chairs makes the hall look spacious.     座椅按照顺序排列，这使得礼堂里显得很宽敞。
 We dig some pits with a spade before planting the trees.     种树前，我们先用铁锹挖了些坑。
 He told me the whole story in spades and there's no doubt about it.     他明确地把整个经过都对我讲了，一点不含糊。
 Spaghetti is one of my favorite foods.     义大利式细面条是我喜欢的食品之一。
 Spain used to be famous for its strong armada.     西班牙曾以其强大的舰队而著称.
 They always keep their kitchen spick and span.     他们的厨房总是很整洁.
example sentence not found
 The Spaniard has it that a buxom widow must be either married, buried, or shut up in a convent.     按西班牙人的主张，丰乳肥臀的寡妇应该使之再婚，或予埋葬，不然就关进女修道院里去。
 The ship embarked passengers and food at a Spanish port.     这艘船在西班牙的一个港口装载了乘客和食品。
example sentence not found
 The ship is spanking along.     船在平稳前进。
 A tall vertical spar, sometimes sectioned, that rises from the keel or deck of a sailing vessel to support the sails and running rigging.     船桅，桅杆一条高的（有时为分段的）垂直樯，从帆船的龙骨或甲板直立起来以支持帆和操纵装置
 What do you like doing in your spare time?     你在闲暇时喜欢做什么？
 It was a horrible accident---I'll spare you the details.     这是一次令人毛骨悚然的事故，我就不告诉你细节了。
example sentence not found
 The vital spark in him makes him an artist.     他的生气勃勃的活力使他成为一个艺术家。
 I like the sparkles in her eyes.     我喜欢她眼睛的光彩。
 She was really sparkling (with happiness) at the wedding.     在婚礼上她（幸福得）容光焕发.
 The promotion of Russell instead of Sarah really made the sparks fly.     因为提升了拉塞尔没提升萨拉, 这件事竟惹起了轩然大波.
 The sparrow alighted on a nearby branch.     那支麻雀飞落在附近的树枝上.
 The television coverage of the event was rather sparse.     电视上对这件事报道很少。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The muscles in the athlete's leg went into spasm.     那运动员的腿抽筋了。
 A sudden reflexive or spasmodic muscular movement.     抽搐，痉挛突然反射或痉挛的肌肉运动
 Her parents always have spats.     她的父母经常有些小的口角。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The study of the cultural, behavioral, and sociological aspects of spatial distances between individuals.     人类空间统计学研究人与人之间空间距离的文化，行为，社会层面的学科
 As the bus passed, it spattered mud on my clothes.     公共汽车开过时溅了我一身泥。
 She levelled the surface of the cake mixture with a metal spatula.     她用金属铲抹平了蛋糕配料.
 I found a mass of spawn in the fish before cooking.     烧鱼前，我发现鱼里有很多鱼籽。
 The patient is too weak to speak.     病人太衰弱了，不能说话。
 The speaker was rather hesitant and had to be prompted occasionally by the chairman.     那发言者讲话结结巴巴的, 有时得由主席提示.
 They want to remember who they're speaking to!     应该让他们明白是跟谁说话呢。
 The spear curved through the air.     标枪在空中沿曲线运动.
 Take special care tonight because the road is icy.     路面结冰了，今晚要格外小心。
example sentence not found
 The provision of specialist teachers is being increased.     配备专业教员的人数有所增加.
 Wood-carvings are a speciality of this village.     木雕是这个村的特殊工艺品.
 Intelligence tests were devised to counteract this narrow specialization.     旨在抵消狭窄的专门化教学内容而设计了种种智力测验。
 He specializes in oriental history.     他专门研究东方史。
 A secondary area of specialized academic study, requiring fewer courses or credits than a major.     辅修专业学术研究的第二个特定领域，其要求的课程和学分比主修课要少
 These goats are specially bred for their wool.     这些山羊是专为剪取羊毛而饲养的.
 His specialty is ancient French.     他专门研究的领域是古法语。
 An animal or plant species that establishes itself in a previously barren environment.     先驱生物能在不毛之地生存的某种动物或植物种类
 He gave us very specific instructions.     他给我们做了非常明确的指示。
 A written release from an obligation, specifically a receipt indicating payment in full.     清欠书，豁免书书面证明不再负有责任，尤指完全付清欠款
 In case of need we can offer you some other brand of the same specification.     万一有需要，我们可供应同样规格的其它牌号货品。
 He gave us very specific instructions.     他给我们做了非常明确的指示。
example sentence not found
 A unit of length equal to one hundred-millionth(10-8) of a centimeter, used especially to specify radiation wavelengths.     埃长度单位，等于一厘米的百万分之一（10－8），用来记录辐射波长
 He is still a fine specimen of health.     他仍是健康的典范。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You can't eat bread covered with dark specks.     你可不能吃满是黑斑的面包啊。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The old man put on his spectacles and started reading.     老人戴上眼镜开始看书。
example sentence not found
 I fumbled about trying to find my spectacles in the dark.     我在黑暗中摸索试着找我的眼镜。
 The goalkeeper made a spectacular dive to save the goal.     守门员做了一个精彩的鱼跃动作救回一球.
example sentence not found
 One that looks on; a spectator.     旁观者一旁观望者，一位观众
 The spectators all booed the teams.     全体观众都向两队喝倒彩.
 A supernatural being; a ghost or specter.     下凡的神仙超自然力的灵魂；鬼魂或幽灵
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Red and violet are at opposite ends of the spectrum.     红色和紫色位于光谱相对的两端。
example sentence not found
 They have much speculation over the cause of the air crash.     他们对飞机坠毁原因有多方推测。
 His conclusions are purely speculative.     他的结论完全是推测而来的。
 Speculators are thick on the ground. They buy up land, sit on it for a month or two and resell for twice what they paid.     投机者多得很，他们买下土地，搁置一两个月后又以双倍的价格卖出去。
 The taxi sped off at full speed.     那辆出租车飞快地开走了。
 I had to give a speech to the press club.     我得向记者俱乐部发表演说。
 Speechless or confused in expression, as from shyness, embarrassment, or astonishment.     张口结舌的由于害羞、尴尬或震惊而无法说话或说话不清的
 The police are advising motorists to reduce speed because of the fog.     由于有雾，警察告诫驾车者减慢速度。
 He was prosecuted for exceeding the speed limit.     他被告发超速行驶。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The squall speedily blew over.     风暴很快平息下来了。
 The speedometer needle touched100.     速度计的指针转到一百哩。
example sentence not found
 Moving or functioning rapidly and energetically; speedy.     快的、迅速的快速且有力地移动或起作用的；迅速的
example sentence not found
 The Americans spell some words differently from the British.     美国人拼写某些单词不同于英国人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The composition is a not well written, and moreover, there are many spelling mistakes in it.     这篇作文写得不好，而且，还有许多拼写错误。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We spent many hours in a pleasant conversation.     我们畅谈了好几个小时。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A large amount of money is spent on advertisements every year.     每年都要花费大量金钱在广告上。
 The male sperm fertilizes the female egg.     雄性的精子使雌性的卵子受精.
example sentence not found
 Water spewed out of the hole.     水从孔中射出.
example sentence not found
 The earth, sun and moon are spheres.     地球、太阳和月亮都是天体。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Variety is the spice of life.     变化是生活的调味品。
 His conversation is spiced with humor.     他的谈话有风趣。
example sentence not found
 Spicy food disagrees with me.     我不能吃辛辣食品。
 The spider can catch insects by cobweb.     蜘蛛能用蜘蛛网抓住昆虫。
example sentence not found
 An employee who stands before the entrance to a show, as at a carnival, and solicits customers with a loud, colorful sales spiel.     大声叫卖者在巡回演出时，站在入口处以大声叫喊或各种各样降价推销招徕顾客的雇员
 A pointed tool, such as a spike or chisel, used for breaking rock or ore.     钢楔一种如尖铁或凿子等有尖的，用于劈裂岩石或砂石的工具
 A metal frame with a spike or spikes, attached to a shoe or boot to prevent slipping, especially on ice.     防滑铁齿板一种绑在鞋下或靴子下防滑用的带铁齿的金属板，尤指在冰上
 The hedgehog rolled up into a spiky ball.     刺　卷起身子成了一个刺球.
 Don't jog me, or you'll make me spill something!     别碰我, 不然我就把东西弄洒了.
 She sopped up the spilt milk with a cloth.     她用一块布抹去溢出的牛奶。
 The pitcher gave a spin to the ball.     投手使球旋转。
 Prepared, cooked, or served with spinach.     用菠菜做菜用菠菜准备、烹饪或招待
 A membrane, especially one of the three membranes enclosing the brain and spinal cord in vertebrates.     脑膜一种膜，尤指覆盖脑子和脊椎中脊髓的三种细胞膜之一
 A membrane, especially one of the three membranes enclosing the brain and spinal cord in vertebrates.     脑膜一种膜，尤指覆盖脑子和脊椎中脊髓的三种细胞膜之一
 A spindle or bobbin around which yarn is wound in weaving.     纡管；纬管在纺织中绕以纱线的锭子或筒管
example sentence not found
 A deformity of the back in human beings caused by an abnormal convex curvature of the upper spine.     驼背人类背部的变形，由脊柱上部不正常的弯曲凸起造成
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In the west province the money spinner is cocoa.     在西部省份，赚钱的产品是可可。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She is unbred to spinning.     她未受纺织之训练。
 In America law and custom alike is based upon the dream of spinster.     在美国，法律与风俗习惯一样，是把基础置于老处女的梦想之上。
example sentence not found
 The smoke spiraled upwards.     那股烟袅袅上升。
 The spires of churches are to be seen pricking up through the greenery.     透过葱翠的树林可以看见那耸立着的教堂的塔尖。
 The priest says that the human spirit never dies.     牧师说，人的灵魂永远不死。
 Spirited; lively; gay.     活泼的，轻快的；愉快的
 Mettle or spirit in horses.     马的精力或勇气
 They seem to exist on a different spiritual plane.     他们似乎生活在不同的精神境界.
example sentence not found
 Not spiritually renewed or reformed; not repentant.     不悔改的未在精神上自新或改良的；不惭愧的
 That boy is the spit of his father.     那个男孩和他父亲长得一模一样。
 I'm sure he took my parking space just to spite me.     我认为他侵占我的停车位肯定是有意和我作对。
 It was spiteful of her to do that.     她那样做是怀有恶意的。
example sentence not found
 She splashed out on a new pair of shoes.     她心血来潮买了一双新鞋。
example sentence not found
 Some men give their blood to their country; others their spleen.     既有人为国捐躯，亦有人捐坏脾气（怀恨）。
example sentence not found
 Their weeding was a splendid affair.     他们的婚礼富丽堂皇。
example sentence not found
 In the afternoon of that first seeing day, I should take a long walk in the woods and intoxicate my eyes on the beauties of the world of Nature trying desperately to absorb in a few hours the vast splendor which is constantly unfolding itself to those who     那能看见的第一天的下午，我要在树林里长久地散步，让我的目光陶醉在大自然世界的美景之中。在几个小时中，试图拼命地吸收那无穷的壮丽，这对那些能看见的人却是一条小路。
 He had never before gazed on such splendour.     他生平从未见过如此壮观的场面。
example sentence not found
 He can splice together the broken ends of ropes quickly.     他能把断了的绳子头快速接起来。
example sentence not found
 I got a splinter in my finger while I was moving the boxes.     我在搬箱子的时候手指头上扎了一根刺。
 Suddenly the box split open and a puppy jumped out.     箱子突然打开，从里面蹦出只小狗。
 It all happened in a split second.     这一切都是在顷刻间发生的。
 The band played a final gig in this theatre before splitting up.     乐队解散之前，在这家剧院作了最后一次演出。
 She won 100 and then splurged it all on new clothes.     她赢了100英镑, 都挥霍在买新衣服上了.
 The candle gave a few faint splutters and then went out.     蜡烛发出轻轻的毕剥声後就熄灭了.
 He had spoiled the soup by putting in too much salt.     他往汤里放盐太多，把汤给糟蹋了。
 The act or process of destroying most microorganisms in certain foods, such as fish or clam meat, by irradiating them with gamma rays or other radiation to prevent spoilage.     射线杀菌法破坏某种食品，如鱼或蚌肉内的大部分微生物的行为或过程，通过γ射线或其它放射线辐射的防止变质
 The child was spoilt by his grandfather.     这个孩子被他的爷爷给惯坏了。
 She always spoke kindly to the children.     她总是亲切地和孩子们说话。
 Spoken rather than written.     口头的口说的而不是书写的
 The palace (ie A spokesman for the king, queen, etc) has just issued a statement.     王宫发言人刚宣布了一项声明.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 It's a sponge.     这是一块海绵。
 Drank the fresh air; spongy earth that drank up the rain.     呼吸新鲜空气；饱浸雨水的绵软泥土
 Mr. Robert Brown was announced as the sponsor.     罗勃特。布朗先生被宣布为赞助人。
 The club has made an approach to a local business firm for sponsorship.     俱乐部已试探向本地一家公司寻求资助.
example sentence not found
 Spontaneous fellowship and sympathy among a number of people.     本能的友情一群人自然产生的友谊和同情
 I had never been spontaneously approached by a publisher and such condescension rather turned my head.     还从没有一个出版商主动来与我接洽，这种屈尊有点让我受宠若惊。
example sentence not found
 The film flew off the spool and wound itself round the projector.     电影胶片从卷轴滑出缠绕在放映机上了.
 Two spoons of sugar, please.     请来两勺糖。
example sentence not found
 Sprinkle a spoonful of bran onto the stew to increase the fibre content.     往炖煮的食物上加一匙麦麸，以增加其纤维含量。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The seed pod suddenly snapped apart, threw the spore into the air to be distributed by the wind.     心皮突然爆开，将孢子抛到空中，再由风将它们撒布开去。
 Sport is being debased by commercialism.     体育运动的价值受商业化的影响而逐渐下降。
 Illness has curtailed her sporting activities.     她因病而减少了体育活动。
example sentence not found
 The new sports model achieved 100 miles an hour in road tests.     这种新型号赛车於道路测试中时速达100英里.
 The company is bringing out a new sports car.     公司正在生产一种新跑车.
 It goes without saying that a real sportsman will never dream of cheating in a game.     不用说，一个真正的运动员绝不会梦想在比赛时作弊。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They were spotted by police as they were entering the bank.     他们走进银行时被警察认出来了。
 She keeps a spotless reputation.     她保持着清白的名声。
 There are many spotlights on the stage.     舞台上有很多聚光灯。
 Did you feel a few spots of rain?     下了几滴雨，你感觉到了吗？
 They were spotted by police as they were entering the bank.     他们走进银行时被警察认出来了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Financial provision or adjustment of property rights ordered by a court for a spouse or child in divorce proceeding.     法院命令的，为离婚诉讼中一方配偶或孩子进行的经济上的提供或对财产权的调整。
 The spout of the teapot is jammed by tea.     茶壶的壶口被茶叶堵住了。
 My sprained ankle has been acting up badly all week.     我的脚扭伤了, 整整难受了一个星期.
 The soldier sprang at the enemy.     士兵猛扑向敌人。
 They were sprawled out in front of the fire.     他们摊开手脚烤火。
 The gangsters sprayed the car with machinegun bullets.     匪徒们用机枪狂扫汽车。
 A wide stretch of land spread in front of us.     展现在我们面前的是一片广阔的土地。
 Television has become an important vehicle for spreading political ideas.     电视已成为传播政治思想的重要媒介。
 In computer programming, a combined database management, spreadsheet and graphics package.     在计算机程序设计中，一种兼有数据库管理、电子报表和绘图功能的组合程序。参阅spreadsheet。
 I went out on a shopping spree.     我出去疯狂地购物。
example sentence not found
 A usually sprightly or mischievous or sometimes spiteful person.     恶作剧的人，狡诈的人，恶毒的人通常活泼的或恶作剧的或怀有恶意的人
 A suspicion sprang up in his mind.     他的脑中突然产生了一些疑问。
 Leaping is usually done with a springboard that catapults the performer high into the air.     跳跃运动通常利用能使表演者高高地弹入空中的跳板。
example sentence not found
 The springtime of life; youth.     人生的初期；青春
 The turf felt springy under their feet.     他们走在草皮上，觉得很松软。
 We covered the cakes with chocolate sprinkles.     我们给蛋糕洒上巧克力末。
example sentence not found
 The ceremony of sprinkling the altar, clergy, and congregation with holy water.     洒圣水礼用圣水泼洒圣坛、教士及教众的仪式
 You'll have to sprint if you want to catch the train.     你要想赶上火车, 就得快跑几步.
 He is more a sprinter than a swimmer.     他是短跑健将，而不是游泳选手。
 A water sprite of German mythology, usually in human form or half-human and half-fish.     水中精灵德国民间传说中的水妖，一般说它象人形或一半象人，一半象鱼
 These potatoes have begun to sprout.     这些马铃薯开始发芽了。
 They all spruced up for the party.     他们打扮得漂漂亮亮去参加聚会。
 Something rather odd has sprung up.     发生了一桩相当奇怪的事。
example sentence not found
 The little paper boat was caught in an eddy and spun round and round in the water.     小纸船卷进了漩涡中，在水中直打转。
 Spunk up, everything will be all right.     别恢心，一切都会好起来的。
 What spurred her to do that?     是什么促使她那么干的？
 Spurious writings, especially writings falsely attributed to biblical characters or times.     伪经伪造的经文，尤指假托圣经人物或圣经时代所写的经文
 Carl had been from his childhood a ball of fortune to spurn at.     自从童年时起卡尔就一直是一个被命运跑踢来踢去的球，饱经沧桑。
example sentence not found
 The volcano spurted (out) molten lava.     火山喷出了熔岩.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The police had captured a foreign spy.     警方抓获了一名外国间谍。
 No man will squabble over a nickel.     没有人会为了五分钱而吵架。
 A short, rehearsed jingle or phrase, shouted in unison by a squad of cheerleaders.     欢呼一小队啦啦队员齐声喊的短促、反复的音韵或短语
 The squadron flew a reconnaissance mission.     该空军中队执行一侦察任务.
 A squalid or filthy condition.     肮脏污秽或肮脏的状态
 The squall speedily blew over.     风暴很快平息下来了。
example sentence not found
 Don't squander your affection on him, he'll never love you.     不要把感情浪费在他身上，他是永远不会爱你的。
 The teams are all square at one match each.     这些队在各自参加了一场比赛后不分胜负。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This recent tragedy has put the manufacturersof the drug squarely in the dock.     新近发生的这一悲惨事件使药品厂商受到指控.
example sentence not found
 The cat got run over by the lorry and squashed.     那只猫被卡车碾死了。
 The old man squatted down by the fire.     老人蹲在炉火旁。
 These new shoes squeak.     穿上这双新鞋走起路来嘎吱嘎吱的.
 The pigs were squealing.     猪在尖叫.
example sentence not found
 We managed to get all the luggage into the car but it was a tight squeeze.     我们总算把行李都塞进汽车里了, 不过挤得要命.
 She squelched along the muddy path.     她沿着泥泞小径格吱格吱地走。
 I've never eaten squid before, but I'll give it a whirl.     我以前从没吃过鱿鱼，不过我想尝一尝。
example sentence not found
 He squinted in the bright sunlight.     他在很亮的阳光下眯起了眼睛。
 The living is in the gift of the squire.     地主有安排牧师奉禄之权。
 It made him squirm to think how he'd messed up the interview.     他想到面试时自己表现得那麽差劲儿, 心里真不是滋味儿.
 The squirrel hoards up nuts for the winter.     松鼠储藏坚果以防冬天。
 Water squirted (from the tap) all over me.     （龙头里的）水喷了我一身.
example sentence not found
 The killer stabbed him with a knife/stabbed a knife into him.     凶手用刀刺他.
 You'll never mend your car like that let me have a stab at it.     你这样怎麽能修好汽车--让我来试试吧.
 To sum up, only when strict punishment can be imposed on the lawless, can social stability be maintained.     总之，唯有当严刑峻罚加之于违法之徒时，才能维持社会安定。
example sentence not found
 His condition has now stabilized.     他的情况稳定下来了.
 He can now ride his bike without stabilizers.     他现在骑自行车不需要平衡器了.
 He is a bit neurotic, but his wife is a very stable person.     他有点神经质，但他的妻子是一个非常稳重的人。
example sentence not found
 Traffic was stacked up for miles because of the accident.     车祸引起了交通堵塞，车辆排起的长龙有好几里长。
 Keep on past the church; the stadium is about half a mile further on.     一直向前走过了教堂，约莫半英里就是体育场。
 When climbing a mountain I advise beginners to use a staff.     我建议刚开始爬山的人使用拐杖。
 The hounds will soon hunt down the stag.     猎狗不要多久就会追到那头牡鹿。
 The disease is still in its primary stage.     这疾病仍然在初发阶段。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The drunk man staggered across the room.     那个醉汉摇摇晃晃地穿过房间。
 He was staggering across the room and had obviously had a few.     他在房间里摇摇晃晃地走着，很显然他已喝醉了。
 British singer noted for his comic stage persona, a wry and nostalgic Highlander.     劳德，哈里・麦克伦南1870－1950美国歌唱家，以讽刺怀旧的苏格兰高地人的喜剧舞台形象而著名
 Business was stagnant last month.     上个月生意萧条.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They showed a staid mood in that accident.     那次事件中他们的情绪很稳定。
 Such a man is a stain to humanity.     这种人是人类的耻辱。
 This cup is made of stainless steel.     这只杯子是不锈钢做的。
 She sat on the bottom stairs.     她坐在楼梯最下面的一级上。
 You can go up the staircase on the right.     你可以从右边楼梯上去。
 Could you help me up the stairs?     你能扶我上楼梯吗？
example sentence not found
 He staked a claim to the land where he'd found the gold.     他在发现黄金的那块土地上立下界标以表明他的所有权。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They had nothing to eat but stale bread.     除了陈面包外，他们没有别的东西可吃。
 Any solution [to Soviet economic malaise], however, is hostage to the crisis of authority, creating a catch-22 stalemate between perestroika and glasnost, between economics and politics: any measure to shore up the economy only fans public anger and reduces the authority of the Government.     不过，任何解决[苏联经济失调]办的法都受到权力危机的影响，在改革与开放，经济与政治之间产生一种自相矛盾僵持不下的情况：任何振兴经济的办法不过煽起民众的忿怒并损及政府威信而已。
 He cut off the flowers at the stalk with a pair of scissors.     他用剪子连花带茎都剪下来。
 The plane stalled suddenly.     那飞机突然失控下降。
example sentence not found
 The ground floor of a theater behind the stalls.     正厅后座，正厅后座观众剧院前座观众后的底层
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Marathon runners need plenty of stamina.     参加马拉松长跑要有耐力.
 The boy dare not answer the questions because of his stammer.     这个小男孩因为结巴不敢回答老师的问题。
 The immigration officer stamped my passport.     移民官员在我的护照上盖了戳。
 The cattle stampeded towards the farm.     受惊的牛群向牧场涌去.
 What is your stance on corporal punishment?     你对体罚持什麽态度?
example sentence not found
 This work will hardly stand close examination.     这种作品很难经得起认真的检验。
example sentence not found
 This is one of the standard books on the subject.     这是有关这个问题的权威著作之一。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The singer got a ten-minute standing ovation.     观众起立向那位歌手鼓掌达十分钟.
 It is so crowded, there is not even stand room.     挤得几乎没有站立的地方。
 Japan's trade and investment ties with East Asian nations are bounding ahead faster than those with other parts of the world, yet is has been standoffish, or even hostile, to permitting other Asians to live here.     日本与东亚国家的贸易和投资关系大力推进，速度超过与世界其他地区。但是对于允许其他亚洲人在此间（日本）居留问题则持保留甚至，敌对态度。
example sentence not found
 As one point of view; from one standpoint.     从一点来说；从一个观点出发
 Agriculture and industry are at a standstill. Food is scarce and to crown it all, there is no central government in being.     工农业生产停滞不前，粮食匮乏，更为糟糕的是，中央政府已完全不复存在。
 My first was a science and math teacher in high school, my second, a professor of creative. writing at Stanford, and my third was my friend and partner, Ed Ricketts.     头一位是中学里教理化和数学的老师，第二位是斯坦福大学里教写作的教授，第三位就是我的朋友、合作者――埃德・雷克茨。
 The rhythmic pattern of a stanza, determined by the kind and number of lines.     韵律一个诗节的韵律格式，由诗节中诗行的类型和数量而定
 Don't forget staples like sugar and salt when you go to the shops.     你去商店时，不要忘记买盐和糖之类的必备食品。
 He wants a stapler, but she have not get one.     他想要一个订书机，但她没有。
 We can see the stars at night.     夜晚我们可以看见星群。
example sentence not found
 Sighted land off the starboard beam.     转向右舷方向便望见了陆地
 Sugar and starch are broken down in the stomach.     糖和淀粉在胃里被分解.
 He eat too much starchy food.     他贪吃含淀粉多的食物。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They all stared with astonishment.     他们全都惊讶地瞪着眼。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The film vividly shows the stark realities of life for the poor and hungry.     这部影片生动地揭示了贫穷和饥饿的人们赤裸裸的生活现实。
example sentence not found
 A person having a leading or starring role.     主要演员，主角担任领导或主要角色的人
 Let my thoughts come to you, when I am gone, like the after glow of sunset at the margin of starry silence.     当我去时，让我的思想到你那里来，如那夕阳的余光，映在沉默的星天的边上。
 We are just about to start.     我们正要出发。
 Of the five starters in the race only three finished.     起跑时有五 个, 只有三个跑完全程.
 What would you like as a starter?     您第一道菜想来点什麽?
 Who is to blame for starting the fire?     这场火灾应该追究谁的责任?
 Runners bunching up at the starting line.     起跑线上聚在一起的赛跑者
 He was startled by the news.     这消息使他大吃一惊。
 You startled me I didn't hear you come in.     你吓了我一跳--我没听见你进来.
 He describes the scene with startling reality.     他对那景象的描述逼真得令人惊讶。
 The film starts at 7.30 and lasts two hours.     影片7点30分开演, 演两个小时.
example sentence not found
 The Smiths brushed up against starvation because Mr. Smith couldn't find a job.     史密斯先生找不到工作，因此他们一家面临饥饿。
 The plant was starved of light and died.     这株植物因为极度缺乏光照而死了。
 I'm starved for money.     我的钱不够用。
 We saw the pathetic sight of starving children.     我们看到挨饿的儿童悲惨可怜的样子。
example sentence not found
 His general state of health is fairly satisfactory.     他总的健康状况相当令人满意。
example sentence not found
 Please state your name, age and occupation.     请说明姓名、年龄和职业。
 The organ rolled out a stately melody.     风琴奏出庄严的乐曲。
 This statement was important insomuch as it revealed the extent of their knowledge.     这一陈述显示了他们了解的情况之多，因而十分重要。
 He is the elder statesman par excellence.     他是最优秀的年长的国务活动家.
example sentence not found
 There was too much static to hear their message clearly.     天电干扰太大, 听不清他们的电讯.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Guards were stationed around the prison.     卫兵派驻在监狱四周。
example sentence not found
 The dead center, being a stationary bearing point, must be lubricated.     由于是固定的支承点，死顶尖必须润滑。
 That shop does not stock stationery.     那家商店不卖文具。
 Have you any statistics that would enforce your argument?     你有任何统计资料可以加强你的论点吗？
 The set of individuals, items, or data from which a statistical sample is taken.     总体，母体从其中抽出统计样品，例如一组个体、物品或数据
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The official prefixed an explanatory note to the list of statistics.     那官员在统计表前加了一段说明文字.
 He have returned from italy a greater bear than ever; He bore on architecture, painting, statuary, and music.     他从意大利回来之后，变得比以前更加惹人厌烦了；他竟钻研其建筑、绘画、雕塑、甚至音乐来了。
 The statue is a lasting reminder of Churchill's greatness.     这尊塑像使人永远缅怀邱吉尔的伟大功绩.
 A statuette awarded annually for outstanding achievement in radio and television advertising.     克利俄女神奖每年授予在广播及电视广告中作出突出成绩的人的小雕像
 Stature, especially of the human body.     身高身长，尤指人类身体
 You don't really care a fig about status.     你对地位真是一点儿也不在乎。
example sentence not found
 A heading that names a document, statute, or proceeding.     名称命名一份文件、法令或诉讼程序的名字
 A decision of the local authority pursuant to the power and duties impose upon it by the statutory code.     地方政府根据成文法（典）所给予的权力和义务所作出的决定。
 I helped her staunch cut.     我帮助她止住了伤口的血。
 The lost explorers ate birds' eggs to stave off starvation.     为了避免饿死，那些迷路的勘探人员吃鸟蛋充饥。
 I stayed late at the party last night.     昨晚我在晚会上呆到很晚。
 His knowledge of the subject stood him in good stead.     他的这门学科的知识对他很有好处。
 Steadfast in purpose, loyalty, or affection; faithful.     坚定在目的、忠诚或感情上坚定不移的；忠诚的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The number of people going to the cinema seems to dwindle steadily.     看电影的人数似乎在逐渐下降。
 The old man is not steady on his legs.     这位老人站不稳。
example sentence not found
 The steak pie is off today.     今日牛肉饼停止供应.
 He was sent into prison for stealing.     他由于偷窃被送入监狱。
 The burglars had entered the house by stealth.     窃贼偷偷进入那所房子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ship steamed into the harbor.     船驶入了港湾。
 In1768 the first steam engine appeared.     在1768年出现了第一部蒸汽机。
 Some passengers are sitting on the deck of the large steamboat chatting.     有些旅客正坐在这只大轮船的甲板上聊天。
 The ship steamed into the harbor.     船驶入了港湾。
 We'll ship the goods at an early time as long as there is a steamer.     只要有船，我们就尽早装货。
 A steamship with the bow and upper deck rounded so as to shed water.     鲸背甲板船一种蒸汽船，带有圆形的船头和上甲板以遮蔽雨水
 He steeled himself to tell her about her father's death.     他硬起心肠把她父亲的死讯告诉了她。
 This hill is too steep to ride up on a bicycle.     这山太陡了，骑自行车可上不去。
example sentence not found
 Now they are ready for the steeple chase.     现在他们已准备好进行障碍赛跑。
 The drift of a ship or an aircraft to leeward of the course being steered.     偏航，漂移船只或航空器航行过程中向背风面而作的漂移
 They found her slumped over the steering wheel.     他们发现她倒伏在方向盘上.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She bought some roses with long stems.     她买了一些枝干很长的玫瑰花。
 Held my nose against the stench.     掩住鼻子使不闻恶臭
 A fine powder, such as pulverized charcoal, dusted over a stencil to transfer a design to an underlying surface.     印花粉撒于镂花模板上以便在其表面上印出图案的细粉末，如磨碎的木炭粉
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We should take steps to prevent war.     我们应当采取措施制止战争。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Stephen acknowledged Henry as (ie recognized his claim to be) his heir.     斯蒂芬接受亨利为他的继承人.
example sentence not found
 The judge said that nothing could mitigate the cruelty with which the stepmother had treated the girl.     法官说没有任何理由可以把那个继母残忍虐待女孩的罪责减轻。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Where's your stereo?     你的立体声音响在哪儿？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The high risk of infection put a premium on the use of sterile needle.     由於受感染的风险很大，无菌注射针的使用受到了重视。
example sentence not found
 After her fourth child she decided to have herself sterilized.     她生了第四个孩子后决定做绝育手术。
 They have some sterling silver cutlery.     他们有一些标准纯银餐具。
 Stern as he is, he is full of sympathy.     虽然他严格，却富有同情心。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The stethoscope is a medical instrument.     听诊器是一种医疗器械。
 Steve and Jack gave a talk about their trek across the Polar ice cap. It was very interesting but it made my hair stand on end just to hear about the dangers they faced.     史蒂夫和杰克讲述了他们在极地冰盖的一段艰苦跋涉，故事津津有味，只是听到他们遇到种种险情时，我吓得很。
example sentence not found
 Do you like stewed beef?     你喜欢吃炖牛肉吗？
 The stewards will inspect the course to see if racing is possible.     那些干事将检视赛马场看是否适宜比赛。
 The stewardess will get you some water from the galley.     空中小姐会从厨房给你拿些水来。
 Someone has sticked a label on the crate.     有人在板条箱上贴了标签。
 A decorative sticker.     贴花纸一种装饰用的胶粘物
 Sticking to but not fused with a part or an organ of the same kind.     附着的与同类的部分或组织粘着但不融合的
example sentence not found
 My teacher is a stickler for the truth.     我们的老师是一个坚持真理的人。
example sentence not found
 I am uncomfortable because my body is sticky.     我身上粘粘的，很不舒服。
 That was a shock I need a stiff drink!     这可真吓人－－我得喝点烈酒了。
 The promise of a reward might stiffen their resolve.     答应给他们奖励可以坚定他们的决心。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The gas stifled them.     他们被煤气熏得透不过气来。
 The atmosphere in the crowded hall became so stifling that two of the women passed out.     拥挤不堪的大厅里闷得令人窒息，两个妇女晕了过去。
 There should be no stigma attached to being poor.     贫穷不应该与耻辱扯上任何关系。
example sentence not found
 A poor man came to the door and asked for money for a cup of tea yesterday. My mother, always happy to help a lame dog over a stile, invited him in for a meal.     昨天，有位穷人来到我家门口想讨点钱去喝杯茶，我母亲总是乐于助人于危难之中，请他进屋吃了一顿饭。
example sentence not found
 The room was still at the end of the speech.     演讲结束的时候，房间里寂静无声。
 Drew a map of the area; drawing landscapes and still lifes.     绘制该地区的地图；描绘风景与静物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They built a house on stilts.     他们建了一栋用桩子支撑的房子。
 They built a house on stilts.     他们建了一栋用桩子支撑的房子。
 Coffee and tea are mild stimulants.     咖啡和茶都是温和的兴奋剂。
 Light stimulates plant growth.     光会刺激植物生长。
 She was stimulated into new efforts.     她受到鼓励，重新作出努力。
 They use television advertising as a device for stimulating demand.     他们利用电视广告作为刺激需求的方法。
 The joy and moral stimulation of work no longer must be forgotten in the mad chase of evanescent profits.     务必不能再忘记劳动带来的喜悦和激励，而去疯狂地追逐那转瞬即逝的利润。
 Less than the normal ability to respond to stimuli.     敏感减轻对刺激反应能力低于正常水平
 Her words of praise were a stimulus for people to work harder.     她赞扬的话鼓舞人们工作更努力。
 Her ingratitude stung him.     她的忘恩负义使他痛心。
example sentence not found
 A stingy person; a miser.     吝啬吝啬小气的人；守财奴
 This whole affair really stinks.     整件事情都让人讨厌。
example sentence not found
 Don't stint on the cream!     不要舍不得放奶油！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Constitution stipulate that women shall have equal rights with men in voting and being elected.     宪法规定妇女和男子一样，有同等的选举权和被选举权。
 May I refer you to the contract stipulation about packing(or shipping..)?     请您看看合同中有关包装（装运）的规定。
 She stirred the sugar into her coffee.     她把糖搅和到咖啡里。
 He needs stirring up.     他需要鼓励.
 The stirrup leathers rubbed raw patches on his legs.     马蹬皮带把他腿上的皮肤擦伤引起疼痛.
 Will you stitch a button on this shirt?     请你在这件衬衫上钉一颗钮扣好吗？
 That shop does not stock stationery.     那家商店不卖文具。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The New York stock exchange crashed in1929.     纽约股票交易所于一九二九年大崩溃。
 Panic on the stock market set off a wave of selling.     股票市场上人心惶惶, 掀起抛售浪潮.
 The sheep were surrounded by stockade.     羊被栅栏圈着。
 The stockbroker has placed the money in industrial stock.     证券经纪人已用那笔钱购入了工业股票。
example sentence not found
 It's an express train for Stockholm.     这是一趟开往斯德哥尔摩的快车。
 An embroidered or woven decoration on the side of a stocking or sock.     绣花边花，袜子侧边的织花位于长袜或短袜一侧的刺绣或编织的装饰图案
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Every stoic is a stoic; but in christendom, where be the christian?     每一个斯多葛派的人都是“斯多葛”主义者；但在基督教世界，哪有基督教徒？
 They reacted to the appalling weather with typical British stoicism.     他们忍受著恶劣天气的煎熬, 表现了英国人典型的坚忍不拔的精神.
 The caretaker stokes up twice a day.     管理员每天往火里加两次煤.
 A coat, stole, or hat made of the fur of this animal.     用貂皮制成的大衣、披肩或帽子
 The police recovered the stolen jewellery.     警察找回了被盗的珠宝。
example sentence not found
 I've no stomach for this trip.     我对这次旅行不感兴趣。
 Quota, quotas...I have had it up to here! I feel like I have got a stomachache.     定额，定额。。。。。我真是受够了！觉得胃都痛了。
example sentence not found
 The stone just missed the boy.     那块石头差点儿砸到男孩。
example sentence not found
 The Inland Revenue have sent me a tax bill for more than a hundred pounds, but they can't get blood out of a stone because I just haven't got the money.     国内税务署寄给我一张100多英镑的税单，不过他们不可能从石头里榨出油来，因为我并没有那么多钱。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The stonework of the tower was crumbling, and the great clock had fallen into disrepair.     钟楼的石头框架摇摇欲坠，那座大钟也已年久失修。
 Two of the tyres punctured on the stony road.     有两个车胎在碎石路上扎破了.
 They stood in silent homage round her grave.     他们站立在她的墓的周围向她默哀.
 You can have the piano for 60, and I'll throw in the stool as well.     这架钢琴可以卖给你 60 英镑, 琴凳我奉送.
 She stooped low to look under the bed.     她弯下腰看床底下。
 They would stop the rich from robbing the poor.     他们要制止富人掠夺穷人。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ticket allow you two stopover between london and tokyo.     该票允许你在伦敦和东京之间作两次停留。
 A choking or stoppage of the breath or voice.     哽噎呼吸或声音的哽塞或阻塞
 An object, such as a cork or a wad of cloth, used to fill a hole tightly; a stopper.     塞子；栓子用来填紧洞孔的物体，如软木塞或一团布；塞子
 A usually high-speed ski turn used for changing the direction of descent or stopping, performed by shifting the weight forward and turning with the skis kept parallel.     作制动转弯在转变下滑方向或停止时的高速滑雪旋转，通过向前转移重量并平行地旋转滑雪板来完成
example sentence not found
 The management accept full responsibility for loss of goods in storage.     管理部门接受仓库中货物损失的全部责任。
 He stored foods in his cupboard.     他把食品存放在碗橱里。
example sentence not found
 Contraband goods were found in the storehouse of the hotel.     在旅馆的储藏室里发现了走私货。
 The gang forced all the storekeepers on the block to kick over$5 a week.     那伙流氓强迫在该街区开店的老板每周各捐出5美元来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He stormed about the house, breaking things.     他在房子里暴跳如雷，乱摔东西。
 The scouts started off on their mission on a stormy night.     侦察兵们在一个雷雨之夜出发去执行任务。
 This magazine published excellent stories.     这本杂志登载优秀的小说。
 He wrote a storybook about ancient Romans.     他写了一本关于古罗马人的故事集。
 The storyteller held the crowd spellbound. Televised sports can't hold my interest.     那个讲故事的人使观众听得入迷了。电视播放的体育比赛不能引起我的兴趣
 Hope is a slender reed for a stout man to lean on.     希望是壮汉依靠的一根纤细的芦苇。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There's a saucepan boiling away on the stove.     炉子上锅里的水一直开著.
 Have you seen the amount of foods those lads can stow away at one meal?     你可曾见过那些小伙子一餐的食量有多大？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 So as to straddle or bridge; astride.     跨着以便跨过或横过；横跨
example sentence not found
 A few young children are straggling along behind their parents.     几个孩子跟不上父母的步子，落在后面。
 Come straight away after school.     放学后直接回家。
 My father never dotes on any of us. What he gives us is always a straight face.     父亲谁也不宠爱。他给我们的总是一副严肃的面孔。
example sentence not found
 You should straighten up your room before going out.     出门前你应该把房间收拾整齐。
 His straightforward, modest manner took into camp everybody he knew.     他爽直而谦虚的态度使所有认识他的人都上了当。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The author seems to strain after novelty.     作者似乎在力图标新立异。
 He strained every nerve to get the post, but was unsuccessful.     他竭尽全力想得到那份工作，但是没有成功。
 I hear you are in poor financial straits.     我听说你处于经济困难之中。
 The straits of Gibraltar are the gate of the Mediterranean.     直布罗陀海峡是通向地中海的必经之路。
 She twirled a strand of hair round her finger.     她把一绺头发卷绕在手指上.
 A crab was left stranded on the beach when the tide ebbed.     退潮时，一只蟹被困留在沙滩上。
 It's strange for her to be so rude.     真奇怪，她竟然会如此粗暴无礼。
 On certain important details the report remains strangely silent.     这份报告在某些重要的细节问题上只字未提，莫名其妙。
 She is no stranger to misfortune.     她对不幸的经历并不陌生。
 She strangled before she was taken to hospital.     她在被送往医院之前便窒息而死。
example sentence not found
 The child was given the strap.     这个孩子被鞭打了一顿。
example sentence not found
 The practice or use of tricks; deception by stratagem.     欺骗，哄骗用诡计进行欺诈；用计谋进行的欺骗
 A municipal borough of southeast England on the Strait of Dover opposite Calais, France. Site of a Roman lighthouse, it has been a strategic port since medieval times. The chalk cliffs rising above the city have caves and tunnels originally used by smugglers. Population, 33,700.     多佛尔与法国加莱市隔岸相对的英格兰东南部自治市，临多佛尔海峡。罗马灯塔遗址，自中世纪以来就是战略要地，该市白垩崖多岩洞和涵洞原为走私者所用。人口33，700
example sentence not found
 The essence of all good strategy is simplicity.     一切优秀战略的精髓是简单。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A sharp ridge with steeply sloping sides, produced by erosion of the broken edges of highly tilted strata.     豚脊丘，陡峻的山脊由于对高斜层破碎山背的侵蚀而形成的陡峭的山背
 The farmers compressed straw into blocks for burning.     农民们将干草压成块用来烧火。
 We have different pies, such as apple, cherry, and strawberry pies.     我们有不同的派，例如苹果、樱桃和草莓派。
 The stray cat was picked up by a kind girl.     走失的猫被一个善良的姑娘收留了。
 The cat streaked across the road with a dog behind it.     有只狗在后面，这只猫飞快地越过马路。
 They streamed out of the cinema.     他们涌出电影院。
 A faint glow enveloping the high-field electrode in a corona discharge, often accompanied by streamers directed toward the low-field electrode.     电晕在电晕放电中在高压电极出现的一种微弱光辉，常伴随有朝向低压电极的电流
 A spring that is the source or head of a stream.     源头，源泉一条溪流的源头或源泉
 He aim to streamline the office.     他的目标是提高办公室的工作效率。
 The streamlined shape of the car was one of its talking points.     这种汽车的值得称道的优点之一是它那流线型的外形。
 I bought this loaf of bread in the chain store opposite the street.     我在街道对面的连锁商店里买了这只面包。
 The fare charged a passenger, as on a streetcar or bus.     如在市区电车或公车上找给顾客的零钱
example sentence not found
 Union is strength.     【谚】团结就是力量。
 The soldiers strengthened their defenses.     士兵们加强了他们的防御工事。
 Nothing Bush tries works. In fact, everything hurts. His strenuous September campaigning sliced five points off his approval rating, which is at37 percent and heading south.     布什的努力全然无益。事实上，反而有害。他九月份奋力竞选，民意测验赞许率降低5点，目前是百分之三十七，仍在下降。
 He's been dogged by failure in the past year; now he is working strenuously to pull out.     过去一年中他连续遭到失败；现在他在努力设法摆脱这种局面。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I can't bear the stresses and strains of modern life.     我不能忍受现代生活的压力和紧张。
 I've stressed the rule over and over but you didn't listen to me.     我已经一再强调规则了, 可是你不听我的话。
 A lot of job and stressful, and do not you once tell me you thrive on pressure?     许多工作都有压力。你不是说过你在压力下茁壮成长吗？
 I got out of the bed and had a good stretch.     我起床后舒服地伸了个懒腰。
 The injured were carried away on stretchers.     用担架把受伤的人抬走了。
 They strewed seeds over the earth.     他们把种子撒在地里。
 There was litter strewn all over the pavement.     人行道上到处都是扔的垃圾。
example sentence not found
 The stricken tanker began to break up on the rocks.     受伤的油轮向礁石撞到，毁了。
 There are strict controls on immigration into this country.     移民到这个国家有严格的限制。
 Strictly speaking, this city isn't very old.     严格地讲，这座城市并不很古老。
example sentence not found
 In a few strides he crossed the room.     他几大步就穿过了房间。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Fighting, especially armed battle; strife.     战斗，尤指武器战斗；斗争
 The bombers made a sudden strike on the harbor.     轰炸机对这港口进行了一次突然袭击。
example sentence not found
 The strikers have reached a settlement with the employers.     罢工者与雇主已达成协议。
 The striking office workers have occupied the whole building.     罢工的办公室人员占据了整座建筑物。
 Strikingly appropriate and relevant.     适当的，恰当的极为贴切合适的
 Puppets are worked by strings.     木偶是用线来操纵的。
example sentence not found
 A thin, tough cord made from the intestines of animals, usually sheep, used as strings for musical instruments or as surgical sutures.     羊肠线一种由动物肠，通常是羊肠所制成的牢固的细线，用于乐器的弦或用于手术缝合
 They stripped off and jumped into the pool.     他们脱掉衣服，跳进了池子。
example sentence not found
 Which do you want for your new dress, a stripe or a check?     你要哪种料子来做新连衣裙, 条子的还是方格的?
 Any of several African or tropical American trees having striped wood.     牛栓藤一种非洲或美洲热带地区的有条纹的树木
 How many stripes are there on a sergeant's sleeve?     中士的袖子上有几道V形条纹?
 The stripling helped the old man across the road.     年轻的男子帮助那老人过马路。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The scientists strive for a breakthrough in cancer research.     科学家们力争在癌症研究方面有个突破。
 The aspect of mental processes or behavior directed toward action or change and including impulse, desire, volition, and striving.     意动引起包括冲动、欲望、暴力和奋斗等外在行动或变化的心理方面的活动或行为
 In a few strides he crossed the room.     他几大步就穿过了房间。
 The cat likes being stroked.     猫喜欢让人抚摸。
 The act or an instance of wandering; a stroll.     闲逛徘徊的行为或事例；闲逛
example sentence not found
 I often see my grandparents strolling happily arm in arm.     我常常看见我的爷爷奶奶臂挽着臂愉快地散步。
example sentence not found
 He is a strong man.     他是个健壮的人。
 The current is strongest in the middle of the river.     河中央的水流最急。
 We took possession of the enemy's stronghold.     我们占领了敌人的要塞。
 We are strongly opposed to racial discrimination.     我们强烈反对种族歧视。
example sentence not found
 My grandmother at all price strove to get her son through college.     我祖母不惜花费地让她儿子念完了大学。
 The ten-year-old girl struck off a poem for the occasion.     那个10岁的小女孩即席作诗应景。
 There is a structural alteration to the building.     这座建筑物在这有一处结构上的改变。
 Can you analyze the structure of the sentence for me?     你能给我分析一下这个句子的结构吗？
 A command or group of commands whose execution is conditional, based on the evaluation of a preceding or associated command. Nesting is a structured form of branching.     一种或一组命令，根据前面的命令或者相关联命令的求值结果，有条件地执行。嵌套是分支的一种结构形式。
 Several people were hurt in the struggle.     在打斗中，有几个人受伤。
 Mary can come home from any musical show and strum every tune on the piano.     玛丽每听过一次音乐会，回到家里都能在钢琴上随意弹出其中的每一首曲子。
 He strutted in front of me like a peacock.     他像一只骄傲的孔雀一样在我前面趾高气扬地走着。
example sentence not found
 I've stubbed my toe on a rock.     我的脚趾碰到石头上了.
 The farmers are burning off the stubble from the fields.     农民们正在把田里的庄稼残茬烧掉。
 You'll have to push hard; that door is a bit stubborn.     你得使劲推，那扇门有点难开。
 Stubbornly resisting change or clinging to a seemingly hopeless or outdated cause.     顽固地固执地坚持改变或抱定一看起来无希望或旧的理由
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We got stuck into the job immediately.     我们立刻动手干了起来.
example sentence not found
 He knows it very well because he have stud it up in a book.     他对这个问题很了解，因为他为此曾在一本书中查阅过。
 Such a good student is he that we all like him.     他是个这么好的学生，所以我们都喜欢他。
 You shouldn't enter into/make a contract until you have studied its provisions carefully.     你应该先仔细研究合同的条款, 然後再签订.
 Her social life get in the way of her study.     她的社交生活妨碍了学业。
 The equipment of the photographic studio was expensive.     装备摄影室的开支很大.
example sentence not found
 His years of study were useful in his job.     他多年的学习有助于他的工作。
 This book is really boring stuff.     这本书真是枯燥无味.
 Chicken is often cooked with a sage and onion stuffing.     烹饪鸡肉时常放洋苏叶、洋葱等填料。
 The atmosphere is very stuffy in here can we open a window?     这  的空气很闷--咱们能把窗户打开吗?
example sentence not found
 The child stumbled through a piece by Chopin.     那孩子费劲地奏完一支肖邦的曲子。
example sentence not found
 He used the stump as a table.     他把树桩当桌子用。
 The punch stunned me for a moment.     那一拳把我打得昏了一阵。
 Their taunts stung him to action/into fighting.     他们冷嘲热讽惹得他采取了行动[打了起来].
 For today is the concrete expression of a stunning fact, our continuity these200 years since our government began.     因为今天具体说明了一个非常美好的事实，我国政府自成立以来已延续二百年了。
example sentence not found
 Inadequate food can stunt a child's development.     食物不足能影响儿童的发育。
example sentence not found
 Exhilarated or stupefied by or as if by alcohol; intoxicated.     醉的，陶醉的因（仿佛）喝酒类饮料而兴奋或木然的；醉的
 He made a stupendous mistake.     他犯了一个极大的错误。
 This stupid car won't start.     这辆老爷车就是发动不了。
 Extreme folly or stupidity.     白痴极其错误或愚蠢
 He was in an alcoholic stupor.     他醉得不省人事。
example sentence not found
 Being in robust and sturdy good health.     强壮的，健康的强壮的和身体健康的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The dress is carefully styled for maximum comfort.     这服装精心设计，力求达到最大限度的舒适。
 Being in or conforming to the prevailing or current fashion; stylish.     流行的符合流行的或现时的式样的；时髦的
 I am a stylist, and the most beautiful sentence I have ever heard is,  Have one on the house.     我是文体批评家，而迄今听过的最佳句子是：“请进一杯，免费的。”
example sentence not found
 A set of specified or traditional symbolic forms associated with the subject or theme of a stylized work of art.     与某一风格固定的艺术作品的主题或描述对象相联系的特殊或传统的一系列象征形式
 An instrument for recording variations in pressure, as of the blood, or in tension, as of a muscle, by means of a pen or stylus that marks a rotating drum.     压力记录器，记波器一种记录压力（如血压）或张力（如肌肉张力）变化的仪器，它通过一支笔或记录针的方式描出旋转的轨迹
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Decaying with relatively short lifetime. Used of subatomic particles.     衰变的具有相对较短的寿命而衰变，常用于亚原子粒子
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Suspension of consciousness in order to express subconscious ideas and feelings.     自动主义暂时抑制有意识的思想活动，以表达下意识的思想和感觉
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In a3601 Finance Communication Controller, a subdivision of a track on a diskette.     在3601金融通信控制器中，软盘上的一段磁道。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I am French by birth and a British subject by marriage.     我按出生是法国人，因结婚而成为英国公民。
 Mature subject matter.     成年人考虑的问题
 The country's subjection of its neighbor has been finished.     该国对邻国的征服已经完成。
 The study of all possible appearances in human experience, during which considerations of objective reality and of purely subjective response are left out of account.     现象学研究人的经历中所有可能出现情况的学问，在此期间，并不考虑客观现实和纯粹的主观反应
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Under the terms of the lease you had no right to sublet the property.     根据租约规定, 你无权转租物业.
 Her sublimate future husband will be tall, dark, and handsome.     她理想化的未来丈夫将是身材高大，皮肤浅黑，相貌英俊。
example sentence not found
 Soaring as if with wings; elevated or sublime.     高远的象有翅膀般飞翔的；高扬的或升华的
example sentence not found
 The vessel was ruined by a submarine.     那艘船是被潜水艇毁坏的。
 Such feelings tend to remain submerge beneath a mask of social politeness.     在社交礼貌的掩盖下，这样的情感往往不会显露出来。
 The submarine submerged to avoid enemy ships.     该潜艇潜入水下以躲避敌舰.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In my submission these proposals are completely unworkable.     在我看来，这些建议完全不可行。
 Relating to or characteristic of an inactive or submissive role in a relationship, especially a sexual relationship.     消极的，被动的关于在一种关系中不活跃的、被动的或具有此种特征的，尤指性关系
 Counsel for the defence submitted that his client was clearly innocent.     被告的律师辩称其委托人显然是无辜的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was always friendly to his subordinates.     他对下级一向和蔼可亲。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An instruction to go to a subroutine.     一种转移到子程序去的指令。
 I subscribed to several magazines.     我订阅了几份杂志。
 Many subscribers' names are in the petition.     请愿书上有很多签名者的名字。
example sentence not found
 My subscription ran out last month.     我的订阅期到上个月为止。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The events I'm speaking of were subsequent to the war.     我现在说到的事情都是战后发生的。
 The initialization of a data medium such that a particular computer system can store data in and subsequently retrieve data from the medium.     数据媒体的初始化，使某一特定计算机系统能将数据存在媒体中，随后又可从该媒体中检索出来。
example sentence not found
 People shall not be regarded as subservient to the economic system.     不应把人的因素看成是经济体制的附庸。
 A set that includes a given and similar set as a subset.     子集包含一个给定的或相似的子集的集合
 The storm began to subside.     风暴渐渐平息了。
 A lack of corporate interest has made the subsidiary an orphan.     因缺乏共同利益，使得这家子公司无人照管
example sentence not found
 It's the old and the poor who suffer worst when subsidies are cut.     补助津贴一削减，最吃苦头的就是那些老人和贫民。
 The living thing on the earth can not subsist on mars.     地球上的生物不可能在火星上生存。
example sentence not found
 A specific layer of soil or subsoil in a vertical cross section of land.     地层，岩层处于土地的垂直横截面中的某一具体土层或次土层
example sentence not found
 The substance is irritable to sensitive skin.     这种物质对敏感的皮肤有刺激性。
example sentence not found
 They want to see substantial changes.     他们想看到实质性的变化。
 His criticism is substantially correct.     他的批评大体上是正确的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Water is not a proper substitute for wine.     水不是酒的适当代用品。
example sentence not found
 Aquatic animals that live in the substrate of a body of water, especially in a soft sea bottom.     底内动物生活在水体底部的水生动物，尤指栖于松软海底的水生动物
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 In the3800 Printing Subsystem, the material that forms the image on the paper.     在IBM的3800印刷子系统中，在纸上形成影象的材料。
 It was no subterfuge on her part. She just lied in her throat and we all realized toe grossness of her false utterance.     她所说的不是什么遁词。她简直是在撒弥天大谎。对她说假话之无耻程度，我们都是了解的。
example sentence not found
 A written piece of translated dialogue superimposed at the bottom of the frame during a film; a subtitle.     字幕电映放映时叠映在画面底部的翻译过来的对话的书面形式；字幕
 There were subtle hints in his letter.     他的信中有些微妙的暗示。
 How much easier, how much more satisfying it is for you who can see to grasp quickly the essential qualities of another person by watching the subtleties of expression, the quiver of a muscle, the flutter of a hand.     对你来说，一个能看见的人，通过观察微妙的表情－－－一条肌肉的颤抖、一只手的摆动，很快地了解另一个人的本质，是多么容易又多么令人满足的事情。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 After subtracting food and energy costs, which can vary widely each month, the Producer Price Index for Finished Goods still rose at a moderately fast clip of four-tenths of1 percent, compared with a two-tenth rises in April.     减去食物与能源的费用以后――这两项每月可能大幅变动――成品制造价格指数仍以略快的速度攀升百分零点四，相形之下，四月份仅上升零点二。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An unincorporated village of west-central Florida, a residential suburb of Tampa. Population, 57,985.     布兰登美国佛罗里达州中西部一未合并村庄。是坦帕城的居住郊区。人口57，985
 The curtain goes up on (ie is raised to show) a suburban living-room.     幕布升起, 展现的是市郊住宅的起居室.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Let al our neighbors know that we shall join with them to oppose aggression or subversion anywhere ill the Americas.     我们要让所有邻国都知道，我们将和他们在一起，反对在美洲任何地区进行侵略和颠覆活动。
 The new party has subversive ideas.     新政党有颠覆的意图。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Use the subway to cross the road.     请走地下通道穿越马路。
 When the duke dies, his eldest son will succeed to the title.     公爵去世之后，他的长子将继承他的爵位。
 Success lies not so much as in luck as in hard work.     与其说成功在于运气不如说是辛勤努力。
 There is no doubt that we will be successful.     毫无疑问我们会成功的。
 They have launched a man-made satellite successfully.     他们成功地发射了一颗人造卫星。
 He retrieved his losses by betting on a succession of winners.     他下的赌注连续获胜才挽回了损失.
 A distance estimated in fathoms between successive marks on a sounding line.     水砣绳间距标示通过测深锤上连续的标记估计出来的以英寸计量的距离
 A shot in billiards in which the cue ball successively strikes two other balls.     连着双球的一击打台球时的一击，主球接连撞击两球
 The chairman has designated that boy as his successor.     主席已经指定那个男孩作他的继承人。
example sentence not found
 The government has worked out a plan of succoring the needy.     政府已经制定出了救济贫民的计划。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The driver has succumbed to (ie died of) his injuries.     司机已受伤不治.
 Such poets as Keats and Shelley wrote Romantic poetry.     有些诗人，如济慈和雪莱，写的是浪漫主义的诗歌。
 I don't want to get sucked into the row about school reform.     我不愿意牵扯到这场学制改革的争论之中。
 You are a sucker to believe his stories.     你居然相信他的说法，真是大傻瓜！
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Flies' feet stick to surfaces by suction.     苍蝇的脚借吸力可附着于物体表面上。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The boy began crying all of a sudden.     那男孩忽然哭了起来。
 His wife's sudden death upset the balance ofhis mind.     他妻子突然去世, 他感到六神无主.
 I suddenly remembered that I didn't bring my key.     我突然想起我没有带钥匙。
example sentence not found
 We invited Bill, Tom and Sue -- the last being Bill's sister.     我们请了比尔、 汤姆和休--最後提到的这位是比尔的妹妹.
example sentence not found
 In July,1956, Egypt had seized the Suez Canal.     一九五六年七月，埃及占领了苏伊士运河。
 She couldn't suffer criticism.     她受不了批评。
 There are many malaria sufferers in hospital.     医院里有很多疟疾病人。
 The suffering of innocent people caused by the war cannot be compensated for by money.     战争给无辜的人民带来的痛苦不是金钱可以补偿的。
 The rations will suffice until next week.     这些口粮足够吃到下星期。
example sentence not found
 Given sufficient goodwill on both sides, there's no reason why this dispute shouldn't be resolved.     只要双方都有充分的善意，这种纠纷是没有理由解决不了的。
 She has not been sufficiently stretched at school this term.     她本学期功课不太紧张.
 A verbal suffix.     用于构成动词的后缀
 The fireman was suffocated by the fumes.     那个消防队员让浓烟憋死了.
 I'm suffocating in here; can't we open a few windows?     我觉得这儿很憋气, 咱们开几扇窗户好吗?
 The question of woman suffrage sets them at variance.     妇女参政的问题使他们发生争执。
 The evening sky was suffused with crimson.     黄昏时分天空红霞灿灿.
 The pill is sugared.     这药丸加上了糖衣。
example sentence not found
 I suggested going for a walk.     我建议去散步。
 The article struck a pessimistic note; it suggested there would be no improvement.     那篇文章不甚乐观, 暗示将无改进.
 She's at a suggestible age.     她处于易受影响的年龄。
 What a ridiculous suggestion!     多么荒唐的建议！
 He gave her a suggestive glance.     他用挑逗的目光看了她一眼。
 He was depressed, even suicidal. Even a child knows better.     他很沮丧，甚至想去自杀。这甚至连孩子都知道得更清楚
 This article discussed the events that led to her suicide.     这篇文章讨论了导致她自杀的一系列事件。
 I've found a job that suits me down to the ground.     我找到了一份工作，对我再合适不过了。
 She is suitable for the job.     她适合做这项工作。
example sentence not found
 The suitcase burst open and its contents rained on the floor.     手提箱裂开了，里面的东西纷纷落在地板上。
 The suite is for the honeymoon couple.     这套房是为新婚夫妇设的。
 The girl is quite suited for the position [work].     这姑娘很适合担任这个职务[这个工作]。
 A Victorian suitor would be expected to satisfy a girl's father that he could support her in the manner to which she was accustomed.     维多利亚时期总是希望求婚者向女方的父亲保证他能供养其女，让她过上和她以往一样的舒适讲究的生活。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Barium sulfate is a radiopaque substance.     钡硫酸盐是一种辐射光不能穿透的状之。
 A sulfide compound containing at least two sulfur atoms per molecule.     多硫化物每个分子中至少含有两个硫原子的一种硫化物
 She is in the sulks.     她在发脾气；她在生气。
example sentence not found
 Susan is sullen in the morning because she had not sleep well.     苏珊今天早上郁闷不乐，因为昨晚没睡好。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sulphur was not identified as an element until1810.     1810年以前还没有认出硫是一种元素。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I met her in a sultry summer afternoon.     我在夏天一个闷热的下午遇见了她。
 The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.     五加三的总和是八。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Your summary will need fleshing out before you present it.     你的总结需要增加一些具体材料再交出.
 After a dramatic pause, the lawyer finished her summation.     在戏剧性的沉默之后，这位律师作完了她的总述
 This city has a music festival every summer.     本市每年举行一次夏季音乐节。
example sentence not found
 It was a warm climb to the summit.     向顶峰攀登时身上都热起来了。
 The shareholders were summoned to a general meeting.     那些股东被召集去叁加股东大会。
 The debtor was summoned (to appear before the magistrates).     （地方法官）已传唤债务人出庭.
example sentence not found
 Of a sumptuous, costly, or rich variety.     特等的豪华的、昂贵的或多种多样的
 He sat in a deck-chair sunning himself.     他坐在帆布躺椅上晒太阳.
 The pool is surrounded by sunbathe.     水池四周都是进行日光浴的人。
 We can see many molecules flying in the air when a sunbeam penetrated the dark room.     当一束光线穿进暗淡的房间时，我们可以看到空气中有许多小颗粒在飞舞。
 Can you give me something for sunburn?     能否给我治太阳炙伤的药？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sunday is my rest day.     星期日是我休息的日子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She invited all and sundry to her party.     她邀请所有的人都来参加聚会.
 We can see the rich man on sundry occasions.     我们能在各种场合见到那个富豪。
 The bird pecked seeds out of the sunflower.     那只鸟用喙从向日葵中啄出种的。
 Have you heard the opera sung in French?     你听过用法语唱的这场歌剧吗？
example sentence not found
 Either of two usually sunken shelters at the side of a field where the players stay while not on the field.     球员休息处运动场边稍低于地面的两个掩体之一，球员不上场时在此处休息
 The sunlight was reflected in the water.     日光由水面反射出来。
example sentence not found
 Sunny weather alternated with rain.     天气晴雨相间。
 The town came to life after sunrise.     日出之后，这个市镇变得充满生气。
example sentence not found
 The wind was strong all day, but it moderated after sunset.     风猛烈地刮了一整天后，日落后变小了。
 The baby has brought some sunshine into their life.     孩子给他们的生活带来了几分快乐。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Come on, sup up your tea.     来, 把茶喝了吧.
 I bought some pomegranates in the super market.     我在超市上买了一些石榴。
example sentence not found
 The sports facilities are superb in this city.     这个城市的运动设施是一流的。
example sentence not found
 The shop assistant was very supercilious towards me when I asked for some help.     我要买东西招呼售货员时，那个售货员对我不屑一顾。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Superficial scratches can be easily removed.     表面的划痕很容易擦掉。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A superfluous word or phrase.     冗词多余的词或短语
example sentence not found
 Streams of cars were belting along the superhighway.     川流不息的车辆在高速公路上飞驰。
example sentence not found
 The manager is superintending the staff's work.     经理正在监督工人的工作。
example sentence not found
 He always does what his superiors tell him.     他惟上级之命是从。
 Superiority in weight, force, importance, or influence.     优势重量、力量、重要性或影响力方面的优势
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The supermarket rejected all spotted apples.     超级市场丢弃了所有的烂苹果。
example sentence not found
 The system of thought holding that all phenomena can be explained in terms of natural causes and laws without attributing moral, spiritual, or supernatural significance to them.     自然主义伦理学的观点认为所有的现象都可以不用归于道理上的，精神上的及超自然的重要性而被解释为自然起因和法则
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The superpowers are putting the arms race into reverse.     超级大国正在把军备竞赛转换成相继裁军。
 A mark used as a superscript to indicate the first derivative of a variable.     撇号置于右上角的符号，用以标明变量的第一个导数
 Will factory workers be entirely superseded by machines one day?     工人将来能完全由机器取代吗?
example sentence not found
 The physics of supersonic flight.     超音速飞行的物理性质
 That superstar wrestling really turn me on.     那种摔跤超级明星赛我的确很感兴趣。
 Frightened or intimidated by superstition.     （因迷信而）恐惧被迷信吓倒或胆怯的
 I always put my left shoe on first; I'm superstitious (about it).     我穿鞋总是先左後右, 我是很迷信（这件事）的.
 A superstructure at the stern of a ship.     船楼，艉位于船尾部的上层结构
example sentence not found
 I supervised the workers loading the lorry.     我监督工人把货物装上卡车.
 This drug should only be taken under the supervision of a doctor.     此药须遵医嘱服用。
 The supervisor always start his new employee on the lobster shift.     领导总是让刚开始工作的新职员值夜班。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We had a buffet supper last evening.     昨天晚上，我们吃了一次自助晚餐。
example sentence not found
 The party leader has been supplanted by his rival.     那位政党领导已被他的对手取而代之了。
 She has a supple mind.     她头脑灵活。
 The money I got was a useful supplement to my ordinary income.     我得到的那笔钱是很管用的外快。
example sentence not found
 A supplementary set of keys, usually numerical and arranged like a calculator, added to a keyboard.     一组增设的键盘，通常是数字型的，其排列方式与计算器的排列方式相似，附设在主键盘上。
 He knelt as a suppliant at the altar.     他跪在祭坛前祈祷。
example sentence not found
 She supplicated for pardon.     她恳求原谅。
 If the goods I ordered don't arrive tomorrow, I'll have to contact the supplier and chase them up.     如果我们订的货物明天还不到，我得与供货商联系，催促他们快办。
 The merchant supplies goods to them.     商人向他们供应货物。
 The supply ships travelled in convoy.     补给船结队航行.
 Which football team do you support?     你支持哪个足球队？
 One that promotes, especially an active supporter or advocate.     促进者促进的人，尤指活跃的支持者或倡导者
 They are mobilizing their supporters to vote at the election.     他们正在组织其支持者向他们拉选票。
 The top portion of the front part of an automobile body, supporting the windshield and dashboard.     外壳罩汽车车体前部的顶部，用以支撑挡风玻璃和遮泥板
 The author dedicated her new book to her supportive family.     这位作家将她的新书献给支持她的家庭。
 Creation supposes a creator.     有了创造者，才能有创造。
 We are supposed to dress up as movie characters for the party, what a novel idea!     我们在晚会上要装扮得像电影中的角色，这是一个多么新奇的主意啊！
 Supposedly, she's a rich woman.     看上去她是一个有钱的女人。
 Supposing that there is no pure water; what shall we drink?     假如没有纯净的水，人们喝什么？
 Our suppositions were fully confirmed.     我们猜测的事实已全部证实。
example sentence not found
 The revolt was suppressed in a matter of hours.     叛乱在几小时之内就镇压下去了。
 A tribunal formerly held in the Roman Catholic Church and directed at the suppression of heresy.     宗教法庭曾设于罗马天主教堂的法庭，目的是对异教进行压制
example sentence not found
 They challenged that company's supremacy in the field of electronics.     他们挑战那家公司在电子学领域中占据的领先地位。
 The general was girded with the supreme power.     将军被授予最高权力。
 The Supreme Court gave a fair trial to the case.     最高法院对这一案件作出了公正的审判。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is clever, to be sure, but not very hard-working.     他聪明是聪明，但是不怎么勤奋。
example sentence not found
 That's wrong, surely.     这显然是错的。
example sentence not found
 They were splashing about in the surf.     他们在拍岸的浪花中戏水。
 The surface of the lake is quite still.     湖面相当平静。
example sentence not found
 There has been a surfeit of plays about divorce on the TV recently.     最近有关离婚的电视剧太多了。
example sentence not found
 They were splashing about in the surf.     他们在拍岸的浪花中戏水。
 The crowd surged past him.     人们从他身边涌过。
 The surgeon is performing a delicate operation.     那位外科医生正在做一个很精细的手术。
 We built ourselves a new surgery.     我们给自己建了一间新的外科手术室。
 The hospital imported some surgical instruments.     医院进口了一些外科器械。
 Surly the most sensible thing would be to stay away from the case.     肯定地说，最合理的做法就是远离这个箱子。
 We surmised that he must have had an accident.     我们猜想他一定出事了。
 Hard to traverse, climb, or surmount.     难攀登的，陡峭的难以通过、攀登或克服的
 Just call me by my surname, cut out the Mr.     就叫我的姓吧，去掉先生二字。
 Effort or ambition to equal or surpass another.     竞争，好胜心争取赶上或超过另一个的努力或野心
 Mexico has a large surplus of oil.     墨西哥有大量过剩的石油。
 The news greatly surprised them.     这消息使他们大为吃惊。
 The news greatly surprised them.     这消息使他们大为吃惊。
 Well, that's very surprising.     唷，这真是叫人吃惊。
 He's surprisingly sprightly for an old man.     他这把年纪了, 还这麽精神, 真了不起.
 Under the influence of the drug my mind was filled with surreal images.     我受了麻醉药的刺激, 头脑里充满了稀奇古怪的幻觉.
example sentence not found
 We would rather die than surrender.     我们宁死而不投降。
 His surreptitious behaviour naturally aroused suspicion.     他那鬼鬼祟祟的行为自然引起了旁人的怀疑。
 Surrey scored only200 runs and had to follow on.     萨里只得了200分，只好继续击球。
example sentence not found
 Trees surround the pond.     树木围绕著池塘.
 Gradually the surrounding farmland turned residential.     周围的农田渐渐变成了住宅区。
 We are living in pleasant surroundings.     我们生活在舒适的环境中。
 The act or a period of observing; surveillance.     观察；警戒观察或监视的行为或时间
 This survey is the work of a real professional.     这份调查是真正内行人做的.
 An instrument used in surveying, consisting of100 linked pieces of iron or steel and measuring66 feet(20.1 meters).     测链测量用的一种工具，包含有100个相连的钢铁环，长66英尺（20。1米）
 The surveyor went over the house thoroughly and advised us not to buy it.     房屋鉴定人彻底察看了房子以後, 劝我们不要买.
 The miraculous survival of some people in the air crash was widely reported by the press.     空难事件中有些人大难不死被新闻界广泛报导。
 In the jungle, they were driven to extremes in order to survive.     在丛林中, 他们为了生存被迫采取极端行动.
 The sole survivor of the crash was a little boy.     这次撞车事故的唯一幸存者是一个小男孩。
 Susan seems very quiet, but make no mistake (about it), she has a terrible temper!     苏珊样子很文静, 可别产生误会, 她脾气坏极了!
 The state of being predisposed; tendency, inclination, or susceptibility.     倾向倾向于…的状态；趋势；倾向或敏感性
 He's so susceptible that she easily gained his affection.     他易受感情影响，所以她很轻易就得到了他的爱。
example sentence not found
 They suspected an ambush.     他们怀疑有埋伏。
 A curved or sharply bent device, usually of metal, used to catch, drag, suspend, or fasten something else.     钩呈曲线形或急剧弯曲的金属装置，用于抓、拉、挂或固定其他东西
 The driver's certificate was suspended by the police.     这个司机的驾驶执照被警察吊销了。
example sentence not found
 We waited in great suspense for the doctor's diagnosis.     我们焦急万分地等候医生做出诊断。
example sentence not found
 She appealed against her suspension.     她对被停职一事已经上诉。
example sentence not found
 They had an uneasy suspicion that all was not well.     他们有一种令人不安的猜疑，所有的事都不太妙。
 Two suspicious characters were brought in.     逮捕了两名嫌疑犯.
 The aforementioned (person/persons) was/were acting suspiciously.     前面所述的人行动可疑.
 Hope alone sustained him in his struggle.     在奋斗中，只有希望支持着他。
 The court sustained his claim that the contract was illegal.     法庭确认他的要求正当，宣布该合同不合法。
 There's not much sustenance in a glass of orange squash.     一杯橙汁饮料没有什么营养。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He took his prize and swaggered back to his seat.     他领奖後洋洋得意地回到自己的座位上.
example sentence not found
 There are many swallows flying in the sky.     天空中有许多燕子。
 Swam downriver; a downriver canoe race.     向下游游泳；顺流独木舟赛
 In the swamp we were beset by mosquitoes.     我们在沼泽地受到蚊子的围攻。
example sentence not found
 Low, flat, swampy land; a bog or marsh.     沼泽低平的沼泽地；泥塘或湿地
 The swan sings when death comes.     死期来到，天鹅歌声美妙。
 She's swanking just because they said her essay was the best.     皆因人称她的文章最好, 她就忘乎所以了.
example sentence not found
 They swapped (ie told each other) stories about their army days.     他们互相讲述了他们在军队中的经历.
 The crowd swarmed out of the cinema after the film ended.     电影结束后，人们从电影院蜂拥而出。
 The beach was swarming with bathers.     海滩上挤满了游泳的人.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The branches of the trees were swaying in the wind.     树枝在风中摇晃。
 I swore her to secrecy about what I had told her.     我要她起誓对我告诉她的事保守秘密。
 I am sweating all over.     我浑身上下大汗淋漓。
example sentence not found
 This sweater washes well.     这件套头毛衣耐洗.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Swede would answer with pride: Both, sir!  For many days this practice continued.     瑞典人会骄傲地答道：“两次，长官。”这样的练习进行了好多天。
 Sweden has frontiers with Norway and Finland.     瑞典与挪威和芬兰接壤。
 Swedish director whose critically acclaimed films, such as The Silence(1963) and Fanny and Alexander(1983), are characterized by slow pace, laconic dialogue, and heavy use of symbolism to explore the psychological states of the characters.     伯格曼，英马尔生于1918瑞典导演，其受到评论界赞扬的电影，如沉默（1963年）和芬尼和亚历山大（1983年），其特点是慢节奏、对话简洁和大量运用象征手法以揭示人物的心理状态
 This floor needs a good sweep.     这地板需要好好清扫一下。
 She is a pavement sweeper.     她是一个打扫人行道的清扫工人。
 Such evil practice cannot be swept away at once.     这种坏事不是一下能扫除干净的。
 The dentist told the boy not to eat too many sweets.     牙医告诫这男孩不要吃太多糖果。
example sentence not found
 A good meal sweetened his temper.     吃了一顿好饭，他的脾气变得好多了。
 Love and scandal is the best sweetener of tea.     恋爱与丑闻，是喝茶的最佳甜点心。
 Shall I sweeten your coffee?     我给你的咖啡加点糖好吗？
 A favored female companion or sweetheart.     女朋友最喜欢的女性同伴或爱人
 The choir sang sweetly, and none more so than the Welsh boy.     唱诗班唱得很悦耳，尤其是没人比得上那个威尔士男孩儿。
 Sweetness of thy name fills my heart when I forget mine- like thy morning sun when the mist is melted.     您的名字的甜蜜充溢着我的心，而我忘掉了我自己的，――就象您的早晨的太阳升起时，那大雾便消失了。
 The bag of sweets on the table was too strong a temptation for the child to resist.     桌上那包糖果对那孩子是个难以抗拒的诱惑.
 Her ankle swelled up after the fall.     她跌倒后脚踝肿了起来。
 The swelling on her finger was caused by a foreign body in it.     她的手指肿胀是手指内有异物引起的。
 Open the window; it's sweltering in here!     打开窗户，这里热得要命！
example sentence not found
 The flue should draw better once it's been swept.     烟道一经清扫，通风情况应好些。
 The car swerved to the right.     汽车突然向右转。
 The president promised swift and effective retribution against the terrorists.     总统答应会迅速有效地惩罚恐怖分子。
 A brief high-pitched humming or buzzing sound, such as that made by a swiftly passing object or a taut vibrating string.     尖啸声一种短暂尖锐的嗡嗡声或滋滋声，例如高速运动的物体和拉紧的震颤的线发出的声音
 His reaction of swiftness surprised us.     他迅速的反应让我们吃了一惊。
 Are they still swigging at that bottle? They'll soon be drunk.     他们还在拿着瓶子暴饮吗？他们马上就会醉的。
 Make sure the garage is well swilled out.     请务必将车库里里外外都冲洗干净。
 She's teaching the children to swim.     她正在教孩子们游泳。
 The swimmer emerged from the lake.     游泳者从湖中出来.
 Swimming is a good form of exercise.     游泳是一种很好的运动。
 The children ducked each other in the swimming pool.     孩子们在游泳池里互相把对方按入水中。
example sentence not found
 He's just the kind that would stoop to swindle children out of a few pence.     他就是这种货色，会不顾廉耻去从孩子手中骗取几个零钱。
 A swine over fat is the cause of his own bane.     猪死都因身过肥；象以齿焚。
example sentence not found
 The children were swinging on a rope.     孩子们抓着绳子荡来荡去。
example sentence not found
 He swiped at the dog with his stick, but missed.     他用手杖向那条狗打去, 但没打中.
 A trademark used for a whirlpool bath or a device that swirls water in a bath.     佳骨肌泡沫浴装置一种用于涡流式沐浴或用于在浴池中产生漩涡的装置的商标
 Dancers spun in a swirl of skirts.     跳舞的人旋转著, 裙子也不停地打转.
 The horse swished its tail (about).     那匹马刷刷地挥动尾巴.
 Swiss sculptor, painter, and exponent of surrealism who is best known for his elongated sculptures of human figures, such as Walking Man(1960).     贾科尼亚特提，阿尔贝托1901－1966瑞士雕刻家、画家、超现实主义者，他最著名的是他对人体外形的拉长的雕刻，如行走的人（1960年）
 Long lectures really switch me off.     我觉得冗长的演讲很烦人。
 The switchboard is manned twenty-four hours a day.     电话总机是一天24小时由人操纵的。
example sentence not found
 Switzerland swept the board in the skiing competition.     瑞士在滑雪比赛中囊括了所有的奖项.
 She swivelled the telescope (round).     她用望远镜向四周看.
 Swollen or distended beyond normal size by fluid or gaseous material.     肿胀的液体或气体材料超过正常尺寸的肿胀或膨胀
 The beggar fell down in a swoon from sheer hunger.     那个乞丐饿得晕倒了。
 The robber swooped up the banknotes.     劫匪把钞票一把抢走了.
 That knight ran his sword through his opponent.     那个骑士用刀刺穿他的对手。
 The soldiers swore to fight for the hearth and the altar.     战士们宣誓为保卫家庭和宗教而战。
 They have sworn (an oath of) allegiance to the crown.     他们宣誓效忠君主.
example sentence not found
 The hinges grated as the gate swung back.     大门自动关上时, 合叶发出吱嘎的响声.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Sydney lights up on eve of Olympic Opening Ceremony.     悉尼在奥运开幕前夕进入高潮。
example sentence not found
 The main stress in `photography' falls on the antepenultimate syllable.     photography一字的主重音在倒数第三个音节上.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A type of symbiosis, as among certain ants, in which one species is dominant and makes the members of another species perform the tasks required for their mutual survival.     共生（现象），役生现象一种共生（现象），如某些蚂蚁，在这种现象中，一个种处于支配地位，并使得别的种的成员承担他们共同生存所需完成的任务
example sentence not found
 The dove is the symbol of peace.     鸽子是和平的象征。
 A series of symbolic body postures and hand movements used in East Indian classical dancing.     手印东印度古典舞中一系列有象征意义的手势或肢体语言
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He introduced to us the symmetrical arrangement of the garden.     他为我们介绍了花园中对称的布局。
 The trees, flower-beds and lamp posts are symmetrically placed.     树木、花圃和灯柱的位置都是对称的。
 An imaginary line to which elements of a work of art, such as a picture, are referred for measurement or symmetry.     中轴线相对于某些要求测量或对称的文艺作品的一条假想线，如绘画
 He was enormously sympathetic when my father died.     我父亲去世时他深为同情。
example sentence not found
 We have long sympathized with the aims of the Green Party.     我们长期以来一直支持绿党保护生态环境的目标.
example sentence not found
 The story stirred her sympathy.     这故事激起了她的同情心。
example sentence not found
 The symphony was dreadfully mangled.     那首交响乐曲给糟蹋得不成样子。
example sentence not found
 In that situation, a wage freeze, whether voluntary or imposed by the Government, deals with a symptom of inflation rather than with inflation itself.     在那种情况下，工资冻结，无论是自动还是国家强制进行的，是对付通货膨胀的症状，而不是通货膨胀本身。
 Chest pains may be symptomatic of heart disease.     胸痛可能是心脏病的症状。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The sound on a film must synchronize with the action.     影片中的声音必须与动作配合一致.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The song have a syncopate rhythm in the jazz version.     这首歌曲改编为爵士乐後采用了切分音节奏。
 A syndicate of local businessmen is bidding for the contract.     一个当地企业家的联合组织在向这一合同投标。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I am thinking about taking a fifth wife; why not? Solomon had a thousand wives and he was a synonym for wisdom.     我在考虑第五个妻子；为什么不可以？所罗门王有妻妾一千，而他还是智慧的同义词哩。
 The Asian part of Turkey. It is usually considered synonymous with Asia Minor.     安纳托利亚土耳其的亚洲部分，一般认为等同于小亚细亚
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Being a substance that is required for normal functioning but does not need to be included in the diet because of the body's ability to synthesize it from other nutrients.     （氨基酸）非必需的是正常的运转所需要的物质的，但因为机体有从其它营养成分合成它的能力，因此不需要被包括在日常的食物中的
 Musical Instrument Digital Interface, or MIDI, is a communication interface provided on virtually every synthesizer made today.     音乐设备数字接口，或称MIDI，实际上是为目前制造的各种合成器提供的一种通信接口。
 Any of numerous natural and synthetic compounds of usually high molecular weight consisting of up to millions of repeated linked units, each a relatively light and simple molecule.     聚合物许多天然和人工合成的化合物中的任一种，通常具高分子的重量，包含最多可达上百万个的彼此重复且相连的单位，每一个单位都是一个相对较轻和较简单的分子
 This shelf was made of synthetic resin.     这个架子是合成树脂做的。
example sentence not found
 And in the European press, Mr. Reagan was frequently portrayed as fixated on Colonel Qaddafi, turning a blind eye, for example, to Syria, which is also said to have chemical weapons and has also been tied to terrorism.     欧洲新闻界常把里根先生描绘成钉住卡扎菲上校不放，譬如说对叙利亚则睁一眼闭一眼。据说叙国也有化学武器，并与恐怖活动有关。
 Greek culture penetrated Persia through the medium of the Syrians.     通过叙利亚人作媒介，希腊文化渗透到波斯。
 The child started to wail when the nurse come over with a syringe.     当护士拿著针筒走过来时，孩子便嚎啕大哭起来。
 She dosed up the children with cough syrup.     她把止咳糖浆给孩子们吃了。
 She just blames it all on the system.     她把这全归咎于制度。
 He's very systematic in all he does.     他做一切事情都很有条理。
 The government was accused of having systematically distorted the protester's case.     政府因为有计划地歪曲抗议者的观点而受到责难。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A fastening device consisting of parallel rows of metal, plastic, or nylon teeth on adjacent edges of an opening that are interlocked by a sliding tab.     拉链由平行的金属、塑料或尼龙的齿状物制成的，在开口临近边缘上被滑动的拉环锁住的紧扣物
example sentence not found
 He drummed on the table with his fingers.     他用手指咚咚地敲打着桌子。
example sentence not found
 In table tennis, the eyes see the ball coming, judge its speed and direction, and pass this information on to the brain.     打乒乓时，眼睛看到球打过来，要不断它的速度和方向，再把这个信息传到大脑。
example sentence not found
 The tablecloth was edged with lace.     台布四周镶有花边。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Fill a glass with water and dissolve this tablet in it.     倒杯水把药片放进去溶解了.
example sentence not found
 The tabloid papers are full of smut.     这些小报充斥著下流的东西.
 There's a taboo on smoking in this office.     在这个办公室里一向是都不吸烟的.
example sentence not found
 I sewed tabs with my name on in all my school clothes.     我在我的每件校服上都缝上一块写有我名字的布片。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The speaker suddenly changed tack and left us all rather confused.     演讲人突然改变了论调，把我们都搞糊涂了。
 Don't forget to bring your fishing tackle.     别忘了带上你的钓具。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Her patience and tact were legendary.     她的耐心和机智是出名的。
 Not tactful or diplomatic.     不老练的；不机敏的
 She put it very tactfully.     她说得很有技巧.
 An instance of the use of this delaying tactic.     阻挠议事的情形应用这种拖延策略的实例
 A large-scale tactical exercise carried out under simulated conditions of war.     对抗演习在模拟战争状态下所进行大型战术训练
 The Russian team entered a protest against the tactics of American side.     俄罗斯队提出正式抗议，反对美国队的战术。
 The aesthetic feel or tactile quality of something, such as a fabric, textile, or carpeting, that indicates its fineness, texture, and durability.     手感触摸诸如纤维、织物、毯子等物时对它们的质地、品质以及柔软程度的感觉或美感
 It was out of order for him to make such a tactless remark.     他说出这种不策略的话是得不得体的。
 A tadpole has a tail.     蝌蚪有尾巴。
 Let's tag the disk now or else we'll forget which is which.     我们先给这些磁盘加上标签吧，不然我们就记不清哪个是哪个了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The sting of a scorpion is in its tail.     蝎子的毒钩在其尾部.
 The actor's voice tailed away as he forgot his lines.     那演员忘了台词，说话的声音越来越小了。
example sentence not found
 We can tailor the insurance policy according to your special needs.     我们可以根据你的特殊需要设计保险单。
 We can tailor the insurance policy according to your special needs.     我们可以根据你的特殊需要设计保险单。
example sentence not found
 If I sayheads I win; tails you lose, I will win whatever happens.     如果我说：“正面我赢；反面你输”，那么无论怎样，我都会赢。
example sentence not found
 His political reputation was tainted by his abuse of the power.     他因滥用职权而破坏了政治声誉。
 His political reputation was tainted by his abuse of the power.     他因滥用职权而破坏了政治声誉。
 The climate here is like that of Taipei.     这儿的气候和台北非常相似。
 Taiwan is southeast of China.     台湾在中国的东南。
 The machine takes its name from its inventor.     这机器的名字来自其发明者。
 Take care (that) you don't drink too much/ not to drink too much.     当心别喝多了.
 It is better to take your time at this job than to hurry and make mistakes.     做这份工作还是慢慢来好些，不要匆忙弄出错误。
example sentence not found
 I fancy an Indian take-away.     我想吃外卖的印度饭菜.
 The criminal was taken into custody.     这个罪犯已被监禁。
example sentence not found
 The takeover cause250 redundancy.     接管移交造成250人的裁员。
 The bookies were offering odds of 3 to 1, but there were no takers.     赌马经纪人提出3比1的赔率, 但无人下注.
 The act or practice of offering, giving, or taking a bribe.     行贿，受贿提供、给予或取得贿赂的行为或实践
 A cashier ran away with the day's takings.     出纳员偷走了当天的进款.
 We listened to their tales about life in the Sahara Desert.     我们听他们讲述撒哈拉沙漠的生活经历。
example sentence not found
 What they need most is managerial talent.     他们最需要的是管理人才。
 The ballet school offers free places to children who are exceptionally talented.     该芭蕾舞蹈学校给有特殊天赋的儿童提供免费学习的机会.
example sentence not found
 The talks between the two premiers will be held next month.     两国总理的会谈将于下月举行。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An over talkative person; a chatterbox.     过分多嘴的人；喋喋不休的人
 Don't rely on him to do anything he's just a talker.     什麽事都不要依靠他－－他光会说空话。
 The boy is 150 centimetres tall.     这个男孩有150厘米高。
example sentence not found
 The two lists do not tally.     这两张单子不相符。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Many kinds of squirrels are easy to tame.     很多种类的松鼠都很容易驯养。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The records of the meeting had been tampered with.     会议记录已被人擅自改动.
 The records of the meeting had been tampered with.     会议记录已被人擅自改动.
 Jane tanned quickly in the sun.     简在太阳下很快就晒黑了。
example sentence not found
 It's not easy to follow her think because she's always go off at a tangent.     要跟上她的思路并非易事，因为她老是突然扯到题外去。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The wool got in a fearful tangle.     毛线乱成了一团。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The tank (got) bogged down in the mud.     坦克陷入泥沼之中.
 The liner is reported to have been in collision with an oil tanker.     据报道，这艘客轮与一艘油轮相撞。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Give the dog the bone don't tantalize him.     把那块骨头给那条狗吧--别让它乾著急了.
example sentence not found
 The King's request was tantamount to a command.     国王的要求就相当於命令.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 That girl tapped her fingers on the desk impatiently.     那个女孩不耐烦地用手指轻扣桌面。
 The doctors have taped up my swollen ankle.     医生们用绷带把我肿起的脚踝包扎起来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He showed me how to use the tape recorder.     他教我如何使用这台卡式录音机。
 Taper the plug off a bit with the chisel so that it will fit into the hole.     用凿子把塞子的一头削掉一点，使它能塞进洞里。
 Such strange events are all part of life's rich tapestry.     这些怪事都是丰富多彩的人生的一部分。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The road was covered with tar.     路上覆盖了柏油。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 His boss was dissatisfied with his tardy progress.     老板对他缓慢的进度不满意。
example sentence not found
 The embassy is an obvious target for terrorist attacks.     大使馆是恐怖分子攻击的明显目标。
example sentence not found
 There is a very high tariff on jewelry.     宝石的税率很高。
 I'm going to tarmac the front drive.     我要把前面的汽车道铺上碎石沥青.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Tarry awhile at this charming country inn.     在这个可爱的乡村小酒馆里呆一会儿吧.
 He ate some tart in the morning before going out.     早上出门前，他吃了一些果酱点心。
example sentence not found
 I was taken to task for arriving late.     由于迟到我受到了责备。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You can taste the curry to see if it's hot enough.     你可以尝尝这道咖喱菜，看看够不够辣。
example sentence not found
 A colorless, odorless, tasteless, gaseous mixture, mainly nitrogen(approximately78 percent) and oxygen(approximately21 percent) with lesser amounts of argon, carbon dioxide, hydrogen, neon, helium, and other gases.     空气一种无色、无嗅、无味的气体混合物，主要由氮气（约占78％）和氧气（约占21％）组成，还有少量的氩、二氧化碳、氢、氖、氦及其它气体
example sentence not found
 Mix the ingredient, chill, and voila a light, tasty dessert.     把材料拌在一起，冰凉，瞧！那就是一道清淡可口的甜点。
example sentence not found
 The flag was tattered by a gale.     旗子被大风刮成了碎布条。
example sentence not found
 The flag was tattered by a gale.     旗子被大风刮成了碎布条。
example sentence not found
 He have tattoo the namemarlene on his upper arm.     他将＂玛琳＂这个名字刺在臂的上方。
example sentence not found
 They taught the little boy not to talk to strangers.     他们教育小男孩不要和陌生人说话。
 We shouldn't taunt others.     我们不该嘲笑他人。
 Not taut, firm, or compact; slack.     松弛的不紧、不严密或不坚实的；放松的
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 After singing all night in the tavern, I had a frog in the throat next morning.     在酒馆里唱了一整夜歌，第二天早晨我的嗓子有点嘶哑了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He was taxed with neglecting the safety regulations.     他由于忽视安全操作规程而受到责备。
 A new system of taxation will be brought into effect next year.     新的税收制度将于明年实行。
 I didn't mean to take a taxi but I had to, as I was late.     我虽然不想坐计程车，但因为太迟了所以非坐不可。
 The taxicab swung out into traffic.     那部计程车转向驶入车流之中。
 The tax authorities averaged his profit out at 3000 a year over 5 years.     税务局算出他5年的平均利润为每年3000英镑.
example sentence not found
 The taxpayer do not have locus stand in this court.     该纳税人没有在法庭上的陈述权。
 Taylor, the capitalist, used to play down to most of his employees.     资本家泰勒对他的大部分雇员经常故意装得态度谦逊，企图赢得他们的好感。
example sentence not found
 We have tea at four o'clock in the afternoon.     我们在下午四点钟喝茶。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I'll teach you to call me a liar!     你说我说谎, 我就要教训你!
example sentence not found
 The maths teacher was furious and gave me 50 lines.     数学老师气坏了, 罚我抄书50行.
 Teaching is a demanding profession.     教学工作是个要求很高的工作。
 Those who dissented from Anglican teachings could be heavily fined.     反对英国国教教义的人在过去可判巨额罚款.
 Mary: Can you make the teacup, John?     玛丽：你会做茶杯吗，约翰？
 The Teahouse is playing at the Capital Theater.     《茶馆》正在首都剧场上演。
example sentence not found
 I teamed up with him to do the work.     我和他合作做这项工作。
 A pass of a basketball or an ice hockey puck that enables a teammate to score a goal.     助杀，助攻在篮球赛或冰球比赛中传球以使同队伙伴进球得分
example sentence not found
 This teapot doesn't pour well.     这个茶壶不好倒.
 My wife burst into tears when she heard the bad news.     我太太听到这个坏消息就哭了起来。
 Her tearful family came to pay their last respects.     她全家含泪前来向死者告别。
 She wiped her tears away.     她擦掉了眼泪。
 Don't take it seriously - he's only teasing.     别把它当真，他只不过是在开玩笑。
 Add a teaspoon of salt.     加一小匙盐。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This book is too technical for me.     对我来说，这本书太专业了。
 The lawyer explained the legal technicalities to his client.     律师给委托人解释法律上的要点.
 It is technically correct to use a phrase such as our late treasurer to refer to a person who is still alive but who no longer holds the relevant post, but the use of former in this context will ensure that no embarrassing misunderstanding is created.     使用象我们的前任会计这样的词组来指仍然健在不过不掌管相关的职位的人，在字义上是正确的，但是在这样的情况下，former一词能够避免尴尬的误解发生
 That technician is highly skilled.     那位技师技术很好。
 The technique is still at the experimental stage.     这项技术正处于实验阶段。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A period of sequential technological development and innovation.     阶段持续的技术发展和革新的一段时期
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Large scale industry emerged only gradually as technology evolved.     大工业只是随着技术发展而逐渐开始存在的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Thank you, but in all truth I feel the credit should go to Ted.     谢谢，但是说实话我感觉应该归功于泰德。
 He loved soft things, and would often smile at the touch of a soft teddy bear or other soft toy.     他喜欢柔软的东西，在触摸软软的艾德熊和别的柔软的东西时经常露出微笑。
 He loved soft things, and would often smile at the touch of a soft teddy bear or other soft toy.     他喜欢柔软的东西，在触摸软软的艾德熊和别的柔软的东西时经常露出微笑。
 He is an exceedingly tedious fellow.     他是一个非常令人生厌的家伙。
example sentence not found
 A golf shot not tallied against the score, granted in informal play after a poor shot especially from the tee.     加击非正式比赛的高尔夫球游戏中，由于击球不好特允许再多打一次，但不为得分，尤指在发球处进行
example sentence not found
 The river teems with all kinds of fish in summer.     夏天这条河里各种各样的鱼多得很。
 His mind was still teeming with various projects.     他的脑子里依然塞满了各式各样的计划。
 She's in her teens.     她正处于青少年时期。
 This clothing sells well to the teenage market.     这种衣服在青少年中间很畅销.
 That teenager singer is really dynamite!     那个少年歌手真是轰动一时！
 All too many young people go off the rails during their teens but they seem to settle down after a few years.     太多的年轻人在他们年轻时行为有些愚蠢，但几年后他们似乎就安顿了下来。
example sentence not found
 The drunken man teeteredon the edge of the pavement.     那醉汉在人行道边上东倒西歪的.
 I pick up a leaflet about the care of teeth.     我拿起一张宣传保护牙齿的传单。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The government tried to jam the guerrillas' telecommunication.     政府设法干扰游击队的无线电通讯。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The telegram was sent reply prepaid.     电报已发出并已预付复电费用。
 Telegraph her to come at once.     打电报通知她马上来。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I telephoned to thank her.     我打电话向她道谢。
example sentence not found
 It happened that there was a telephone booth nearby.     碰巧在附近有个公用电话亭。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The first two carriages of the train telescoped in the crash.     火车撞车时前两节车厢叠嵌在一起了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The Olympic Games are always televised.     奥林匹克运动会一向经电视播放.
 The television audience aggregated 30 millions.     电视观众合计达3000万人.
 Several telexes arrived this morning.     今天上午收到了几份电传。
 I always tell my daughter a story before she goes to sleep.     女儿睡觉之前，我总讲故事给她听。
 As soon as I complete my training, I am going to be a bank teller.     一旦我结束训练，我会成为一名银行出纳。
 What I'm telling you is gospel.     我告诉你的事千真万确。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He had the temerity to ask for higher wages after only a day's work.     只工作了一天，他就蛮不讲理地要求增加工资。
example sentence not found
 She coaxed him out of his bad temper.     她循循善诱地劝他改掉坏脾气。
example sentence not found
 I've got a mild temperament.     我的性情很温和。
 A physiological or temperamental peculiarity.     特异性格一种心理的或脾气上的特异性
 I would like some temperance drinks.     我想要一些没有酒精的饮料。
 Britain has a temperate climate.     英国气候温和。
 There is an imperceptible change in temperature.     温度有细微的变化。
 The scandal caused tempests in the newspaper.     那件丑闻在报纸上引起阵阵风波。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The man looks like a cartoon character with a plaster on his temple.     那人太阳穴上贴了一块膏药，看上去像个卡通人物。
 All this was comparatively slow until, with the coming of science, the tempo was suddenly raised.     所有这些发展都比较缓慢，直到出现了科学，其速度才突然加快。
 The word is a temporal conjunction.     该词是表示时间的连词。
 The condition of being temporarily set aside; suspension.     中止，搁置，保留暂时地搁置一边的状态；延缓
 A temporary stop; a pause.     停顿暂时的停顿；暂停
example sentence not found
 They tried to tempt her (into staying) with offers of promotion.     他们提出给她晋级来劝说她（留下）.
 I should congratulate you that you resisted the temptation.     我应向你祝贺，你抗住了这种引诱。
 The Devil tempted Adam and Eve.     魔鬼诱惑了亚当和夏娃.
example sentence not found
 Ten to one it will rain tomorrow.     明天十有八九会下雨。
 I know a fellow who's as broke as the Ten Commandments.     我认识的一个家伙，像摩西的十诫一样整个破产啦。
 How long is the post tenable for?     这个职位任期多长？
 He hold on to my arm with a tenacious grip.     他紧紧抓住我的手臂不放。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Are you an owner-occupier or a tenant?     你住自己的房子还是租房住？
 Does he tend to lose?     他常常输吗?
 The belief that society has an innate tendency toward improvement and that this tendency may be furthered through conscious human effort.     社会向善论认为社会具有变得更好的内在倾向和人类有力量促使其改善的信仰或学说
example sentence not found
 Don't mention his divorce---it's a very tender subject.     别提他离婚的事---那是个敏感话题。
example sentence not found
 She embraced her son tenderly.     她亲切地拥抱儿子。
 I dare not touch the flower for its tenderness.     这花太娇嫩了，我不敢碰它。
 The tendon had been so skillfully grafted in that the boy was able to flex his finger quite normally after four weeks.     腱的接合手术做得非常高明，那个男孩在四个星期之后，就能相当正常地伸屈他的手指了。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They were adversaries in the tennis match.     在网球赛中，他们是对手。
example sentence not found
 The tenor soloist is unable to appear tonight because of illness.     男高音独唱者因病今晚不能演出.
 Try to act naturally, even if you're tense.     即使紧张也不要做作.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This wire will take 50 pounds tension before breaking.     这根金属线在断裂之前能承受五十磅的张力。
 The tent flaps should be tightly fastened.     帐篷的帘布应紧紧系住.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 That makes the tenth time he's failed his driving test!     他驾驶测验不及格，这次算第十次了。
example sentence not found
 The tenure by which such an estate is held.     不动产的终身保有权保有这种不动产的权利
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We'll have a subject of socialist principles this term.     这个学期我们将学习社会主义原理。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 That terminal is live.     那个接头有电.
example sentence not found
 Your contract has been terminated.     你的合同已经被终止。
example sentence not found
 The point at which this termination occurs.     停烧时刻这种时期发生的时刻
example sentence not found
 In data base terminology, a single instance, for example, a set occurrence, a record occurrence.     在数据库术语中，一个单一实例，例如，一组具体值，一个记录的具体值。
 The police reasoned out that if the men had left by the midday train, it would be easy to pick them up at the terminus.     警察推断，如果那些人是乘那趟日班车走的，那么在终点站抓住他们就不费事。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The terms of the contract are subject to review.     合同的条款有待复查决定.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He walked out onto the terrace.     他漫步走到外面的平台上。
example sentence not found
 Bumped along slowly over the rocky terrain.     在多石地带缓慢地颠簸前进
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A terrestrial globe is one that represents the earth.     地球仪是表现地球的器具。
 What terrible weather!     天气真差！
 I'm terribly sorry about that.     我对此非常抱歉。
example sentence not found
 He is driving at a terrific speed.     他以极高的速度驾驶。
 It terrified me to contemplate the consequence of your action.     想到你行动的后果，我就感到害怕。
 Rats terrify me.     老鼠使我害怕。
 The tidal wave formed a terrifying wall of water.     海啸形成一堵骇人的水墙.
 The capital of Washington, in the western part of the state on the southern end of Puget Sound. Settled in1845, it became the territorial capital in1853. Population, 33,840.     奥林匹亚美国华盛顿州首府，在华盛顿州的西部，普吉特海峡的南端。1845年开始有人在此居住，1853年成为地区首府。人口33，840
 They ceded territory to a neighboring state.     他们把领土割让给邻国。
 The resistance movement started a campaign of terror against the colonial rulers.     抵抗运动开展了一场反对殖民统治者的恐怖活动。
 International terrorism is not just a recent phenomenon.     国际恐怖主义并不是近年才有的现象。
 The police are connecting this incident with last week's terrorist bombing.     警方认为这次事件和上周的恐怖分子爆炸事件有关。
 Terry made it with Sharon on the back seat of his car.     特里在他的汽车後排座位上和沙伦发生关系了.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Listening to his continuous stream of empty chatter really tested my patience.     听他那没完没了的连篇空话对我的耐心真是一大考验。
 He erased pencil marks form the test paper and handed to the teacher.     他擦去试卷上的铅笔笔迹然后递给了老师。
 He demonstrated the principles with chemicals and test tubes.     他借助化学药品和试管讲解了这些原理。
example sentence not found
 This aircraft's safety record is an impressive testament to its designers' skill.     这种飞机的飞行安全记录令人印象深刻，证明了该机种设计师本领非凡。
 A will needs the signature of the testator and two witness.     一份遗嘱需要立遗嘱人和两个证人的签字。
example sentence not found
 He agreed to testify on behalf of the accused man.     他同意为被告作证。
 The boy look for a job have testimonial from his teacher and former employer.     那个找工作的小伙子有他的老师和以前的雇主的推荐信。
 The witness is giving false testimony.     那个证人在作伪证。
 Imitation or representation, as of a potential situation or in experimental testing.     模拟模仿或演习可能发生的情况或在试验性的测试中进行模仿和演习
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The animals were fastened by tether.     那群牲畜被绳子拴着。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He is rated one of the rich men in Texas.     他被认为是德州最富有的人之一。
 The book contains scandalous text.     该书含有诽谤性的内容。
 This is the standard textbook on the subject.     这是这一科的权威性课本.
 I got a job in a textile factory.     我在一家纺织厂找到一份工作。
 Mail permits network users to send textual messages to each other.     电子邮件允许网络用户彼此传送文本消息。
 The cake has a nice light texture.     这蛋糕松软可口。
example sentence not found
 Thailand is on the west of Laos.     泰国在老挝的西面。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The river Thames is spanned by many bridges.     泰晤士河上有很多桥.
 There are more than 5,000 adjectives in that dictionary.     那本词典中有5000多个形容词。
 Thank you all the same.     不管怎样还是要谢谢你。
example sentence not found
 We were thankful for his help.     我们感谢他的帮助。
 Thankfully, he sank back into his comfortable chair. Someone else would do the job.     他感到欣慰地一屁股坐在舒适的椅子上；这件事将由别人去办。
 At that moment my heart is full of joy and thankfulness.     此时，我的心充满了欢乐与感激。
 Thanks for the warning.     谢谢你的提醒。
example sentence not found
 Thanksgiving is a movable holiday.     感恩节的日期每年不同。
example sentence not found
 That pie tastes good.     那个馅饼味道不错。
 Are you sure it was Anderson? Of course I'm sure. With his thatch of red hair there's no mistaking him.     你敢肯定那是安德森吗？当然，我敢肯定，就凭那一头蓬乱的红头发就很容易把他辨别出来。
 Thatcher has said she will abolish the rating system. Watch this space, she won't. No one will. No ever.     撒切尔说过她将废除评估财产的课税现值体制。注意：她不会这么做的。没有有人会这么做。从来没有哪位做过。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The ground has thawed out.     地上的冰雪已经融化了。
 Turn to the left and you will find the post.     向左转，你会找到邮局的。
 She is been in the theater all her life.     她一辈子搞戏剧。
 There is a ban on smoking in the theatre.     这剧院内禁止吸烟。
 The expert is writing a theatrical review.     专家正在写戏剧评论。
 The expert is writing a theatrical review.     专家正在写戏剧评论。
 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt.     法老对约瑟夫说，我已任命你为全埃及的统治者。
 The defendant is accused of theft.     被告被控偷窃。
 We have no idea how the birds find their way.     我们不知道这些鸟如何找到它们的路。
 Theirs are blue.     他们的是蓝色的。
example sentence not found
 This comedy has had them rolling in the aisles for two weeks.     这出喜剧让观众们连续两个星期乐得前仰后合。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 What is the essential theme of the play?     这剧本的主题是什麽?
example sentence not found
 The emancipation of women depends on themselves.     妇女的解放依靠她们自己。
 He took his hat and then left.     他拿起帽子，随即离开了。
 I decided to do it then and there.     我决定当场立即就做。
 They travelled by rail to the coast and thence by boat to America.     他们乘火车到海岸, 再从那里乘船去美国.
example sentence not found
 British theologian who led the Oxford movement after John Henry Newman's conversion to Roman Catholicism(1845).     普西，爱德华・布维里尔1800－1882英国神学家，在约翰・亨利纽曼皈依罗马天主教（1845年）之后，发动了牛津运动
 They are having a theological argument.     他们正争论神学上的问题。
 In the Middle Ages, philosophy and theology were inextricable.     在中世纪, 哲学与神学是不分的.
example sentence not found
 It's a theoretical possibility, but I don't suppose it will happen.     这是一种理论上的可能性，但我认为这种情况不会发生。
example sentence not found
 French painter who was a leading exponent and theorist of the cubist movement.     布拉克，乔治斯1882－1963法国画家，是立体派的主要倡导者和理论家
example sentence not found
 Do you agree to the wave theory of light?     你同意光的波动理论吗？
example sentence not found
 The act or practice of opening a vein by incision or puncture to remove blood as a therapeutic treatment.     静脉切开术，放血术切割静脉或穿孔来放血的行为或实践，作为一种医学治疗
example sentence not found
 The local or general use of low temperatures in medical therapy.     冷疗法一种在医疗中局部或全部使用低温的方法
 Here and there in the garden little flowers had grown up.     花园里各处开着小黄花。
 The state of a woman during childbirth or immediately thereafter.     妇女在分娩期或紧接其后的时期内的状况
 He became a citizen, thereby gaining the right to vote.     他成为公民，并因此获得了选举权。
 We have a growing population and therefore we need more food.     我们的人口在增长，因此我们需要更多的食物。
 We have a growing population and therefore we need more food.     我们的人口在增长，因此我们需要更多的食物。
 Most Chinese think he will be therefrom unwelcome.     大多数中国人认为他将从此不受欢迎。
 Therein lies the crux of the matter.     问题的关键就在那里.
 I have also credited you for premium of insurance$42,500, the account thereof having been found correct.     保险费42，500元已记入贵方借方帐，上开帐目，已核算无误。
example sentence not found
 A medal, emblem, or insignia in the form of an upright post with a transverse piece near the top of it, or a modification thereto.     十字勋章用接近顶部的地方横梁上的一根立柱的形状制成的勋章或徽章或由此加以装饰的饰物
 Russia thereupon declared war upon Turkey.     俄国于是对土耳其宣战。
example sentence not found
 The spontaneous intermingling of the particles of two or more substances as a result of random thermal motion.     分子扩散运动两种或更多种物质的分子由于随机的热运动自发混合在一起
 Clearly, a refrigerator, which is a physical system must obey not only the first law(energy conservation) but the second law of thermodynamics as well.     很明显，冷冻机是一种物理系统，因此它不仅必须遵从第一定律（能量定恒），也必须遵从热力学的第二定律。
 The readings on my thermometer last month were well above the average.     我的温度计上个月的读数远远超过平均温度。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A high-temperature thermostat.     高温恒温度，高温调节器
example sentence not found
 The meeting will deal with these problems.     本次会议将就这些问题作出处理。
 Key decisions; the key element of the thesis.     意义重大的结论；论文的中心成分
example sentence not found
 They are going to move to a new house next week.     下星期他们将迁入新居。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Last winter the snow lay thick on the ground.     去年冬天，地上积雪很厚。
 It is coming in foggy; we had better get home before it thickens.     现在开始起雾了，我们最好赶在雾浓前回家。
 A fox dart out of the midst of the thicket.     一只狐狸从灌木丛中窜了出来。
 The trees branch thickly over the path.     此树生枝极多，遮挡小路。
 As a result, nacre thickness is sometimes just a cosmetic layer that can wear thin over time.     所以真珠质的厚度就像脸上化妆品，不久就会磨薄了。
example sentence not found
 The thief was confined in a prison.     窃贼被关押在监狱里。
 The police are on the scent of the thieves.     警察发现了小偷的线索。
 The pain runs from the small of my back right down my left thigh,  he told the doctor.     他告诉医生说：从后腰一直到左大腿都疼得很。
example sentence not found
 Unions regard the government's intention to ban overtime as the thin end of the wedge.     工会认为政府禁止加班的用意是老鼠拉木　，大头在後边。
 He is only interested in things and not people.     他只对物而不对人感兴趣。
 You can't think how glad I am to see you.     你无法想象我是多么高兴见到你。
 That famous progressive thinker was asked to deliver a speech at the meeting.     那位著名的进步思想家被邀请在会议上发表演讲。
 Thinking correctly is important.     思考正确是重要的。
 A fine or thinly spun thread, fiber, or wire.     细丝细小或薄的丝线、纤维或电线
 With this performance, she has notched up her third championship title.     她因这一成绩而获得第三个冠军称号。
example sentence not found
 Many boys have a thirst for adventure.     许多男孩都渴望冒险。
 He was thirsty for power.     他渴望拥有权力。
 How old is your sister? She is thirteen years old.     你的姊妹几岁？她十三岁。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 There were many people with leprosy around the age of thirty.     在三十年代有很多麻疯病人。
 We have had two world wars in this century.     本世纪我们已经经历了两次世界大战。
 The thistle is the emblem of Scotland.     蓟是苏格兰的标志.
 She ran hither and thither in the orchard.     她在果园里到处跑。
 Thomas, commonly known as Tom.     托马斯, 通常称为汤姆.
 Goodbye, Mrs. Thompson.     ＂再见，汤普森太太。＂
 A thong or whip of hide or leather.     皮带，皮鞭皮或皮革制成的皮带或鞭子
 He stepped on a sharp thorn.     他踩到一根尖刺。
 It's a thorny subject.     这是个棘手的问题。
 We are trying to get a thorough understanding of the government's fiscal policy.     我们正努力对政府的财政政策进行全面的了解。
example sentence not found
 No thoroughfare!     此路不通！
 He is surprised to find his room thoroughly clean.     他惊讶得发现他的房间给彻底地打扫了。
 Those schoolboys like to play pranks on their teachers.     那些小学生们喜欢作弄他们的老师。
 But wilt thou accept not the worship the heart lifts above.     难道你竟然会摈弃我呈上的虔诚崇拜。
 He said he would come, he didn't, though.     他说他要来，可是并没有来。
 What's the central thought of this article?     这篇文章的中心思想是什么？
 You are very thoughtful.     您想得真周到。
 He drew thoughtfully on his pipe.     他抽著烟斗，若有所思。
example sentence not found
 She forgave him his thoughtless remark.     她原谅了他说的轻率的话.
 Will we all survive until the year 2000? That's the sixty-four thousand dollar question.     我们大家是否都能活到公元2000年? 这个问题很难回答.
example sentence not found
 Thousands died in the disaster.     数千人死於这场灾祸.
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Let's thrash the matter over before putting it on the agenda.     我们先把这件事仔细研究一下，再把它列入议事日程。
 I could be in Singapore City, what was I doing going on a week's thrash round mountains?     我本可以到新加坡市了，为什么在山里颠簸了一个星期呢？
 The little girl threaded the shells together and wore them round her neck.     小女孩把贝壳穿成一串，戴在脖子上。
example sentence not found
 There was a threat of typhoon.     有刮台风的征兆。
 While danger threatens we must all be on guard.     危险正逼近，我们必须保持警惕。
 The terrorists are threatening to blow up the hijacked airliner.     恐怖分子扬言要炸毁劫持的客机。
 Three of the chickens hatched today.     今天有三只小鸡出壳。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 If we put our heads together we can probably thresh out a workable scheme.     如果我们集思广益，也许能琢磨出一个切实可行的方案。
 The cabin has a flat stone for a threshold.     这间小屋用一条扁平的石头做门槛。
 I threw a life buoy to him when I saw his struggling.     看到他在挣扎，我给他扔了一个救生圈过去。
 He flung off his opponent thrice.     他把对手摔倒三次。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money-box.     只有非常节俭的儿童才会设法填满一个储蓄罐。
 She was thrilled when the handsome filmstar kissed her.     当那位英俊的电影明星吻她的时候，她欣喜若狂。
 Our new serial thriller begins at 7.30 this evening.     我们的新系列惊险故事於今晚 7 时 30 分开始播出.
 The film works up to a thrilling climax.     这电影逐渐发展到令人惊悚的高潮
 A business cannot thrive without good management.     没有良好的经营管理，事业就不会兴旺发达。
 Every trade is thriving.     各行各业都欣欣向荣。
 I've got a fish bone stuck in my throat.     有根鱼骨头卡在我的喉咙里。
example sentence not found
 Her heart was throbbing with excitement.     她兴奋得心直跳。
 His heart was throbbing away, we had to send him to the hospital.     他的心一阵阵痛，我们不得不把他送到医院。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Who is first in succession to the throne?     谁是王位的第一继承人?
 Passengers thronged the station waiting for their trains.     乘客们拥挤在火车站上等候乘车。
example sentence not found
 He walked home in the rain and was wet through.     他冒雨步行回家，淋得浑身湿透。
 It snowed throughout the night.     雪整整下了一夜。
example sentence not found
 He threw the stone in the air.     他把石头抛向空中。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 You know that Bill was thrown out of college for failing his exams.     你知道吗, 比尔因考试不及格而被大学开除了。
 My little son has a thrush.     我的小儿子得了鹅口疮。
 The enemy made a thrust against our troop.     敌人向我军发动了袭击。
 We thrust our way through the crowd.     我们用力挤过人群。
 It fell with a dead thud.     它砰的一声倒了下来。
 He is badly beat up by a gang of thug.     他被一帮暴徒打得死去活来。
 He thumbed through the address book looking for the number.     他翻阅地址簿，寻找号码。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He sat down with a thump.     他砰的一声坐下。
 My heart was thumping (with excitement).     我（激动得）心砰砰跳.
 We could hear the thunder of distant guns.     我们可以听到远处炮声隆隆。
 The unexpected defeat came as a thunderbolt.     这意外的失败犹如晴天霹雳。
example sentence not found
 His words were greeted with long and thunderous applause.     他的话引起长时间雷鸣般的掌声。
 You slept right through the thunderstorm.     你一直睡著, 这场雷雨都没把你吵醒.
example sentence not found
 The meeting is scheduled for Thursday.     会议定于星期四举行。
 He is the eldest son and thus heir to the title.     他是长子，因此是头衔的继承人。
 So as to thwart, obstruct, or oppose; perversely.     以便对抗，阻碍，或反对地；任性地
 But the birds sing thy name in thine own morning light,--- for thy name is joy.     但是小鸟们却在你的晨光中，唱着你的名字，－－因为你的名字便是快乐。
example sentence not found
 An artery, a vein, a nerve, or another part associated with the thyroid gland or thyroid cartilage.     甲状物与甲状腺或甲状软骨相联系的动脉、静脉、神经或其它部分
 An artery, a vein, a nerve, or another part associated with the thyroid gland or thyroid cartilage.     甲状物与甲状腺或甲状软骨相联系的动脉、静脉、神经或其它部分
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A Buddhist monk of Tibet or Mongolia.     喇嘛中国西藏或蒙古的喇嘛教僧侣
 A branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family that includes Tibetan and Burmese.     藏缅语族汉藏语系的一个包括藏语和缅甸语的分支
 The clock ticks very loudly.     这只钟发出很响的滴答声。
 Have you got your train ticket?     你拿到火车票了吗？
 There it was, ticking away, louder than ever.     它就在那里，滴答地走着，比以前更大声。
 Babies like to be tickled and hugged.     婴儿喜欢轻轻呵痒和紧紧拥抱。
example sentence not found
 A ticklish matter.     一件棘手的事
 The tidal wave formed a terrifying wall of water.     海啸形成一堵骇人的水墙.
example sentence not found
 The tide is falling.     海水在回落。
example sentence not found
 She keeps her house very tidy.     她保持她的住所整整齐齐。
 They want to loosen their ties with Britain.     他们想要削弱同英国的关系。
 We saw the tiger pouncing on the goat.     我们看见老虎向那只山羊扑过去。
 This drawer is too tight for me to open it.     这抽屉太紧了，我打不开。
 Controls in the city have gradually tightened.     对这个城市的控制逐渐加强。
 Susan is wedged in the corner so tightly that she can not move.     苏珊被紧紧地挤在一角，动都不能动。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Please place them in tile right order.     请将它们按顺序排好。
 We must stick to our task till it is finished.     我们必须继续工作, 直至做好为止。
 The latter, as the name suggests, are used to record any changes in the tilt of the land.     后者，顾名思义，是用来记录任何土地斜度的变化。
 Seasoned timber does not warp.     经干燥处理的木材不会翘曲。
 Only time will tell if you are right.     只有时间才能证明你是否正确。
 What we expected is nothing less than a timely payment.     及时付款正是我们所盼望的。
example sentence not found
 The microscope magnified the object 100 times.     这台显微镜将物体放大了100倍。
 There have been a few alterations to the timetable.     时间表上有一些变动。
 Full of apprehensiveness; timid.     畏怯的充满恐惧的；胆怯的
example sentence not found
 I disagree with you view that the schedule it unimportant. I think that timing is very much to the point.     我不同意你认为时间安排是不重要的观点，我认为时间安排很有关系。
 Food is tinned to preserve it.     把食品装罐加以保存。
 There was a tinge of sadness in her voice.     她的声音中有几分伤感。
 A tiny particle of meteoric dust, especially one of many that fall to the surface of the earth or moon.     微陨星微小的陨星颗粒，特指大量坠向地球或月球表面的微陨星
 The arrows had been tipped with poison.     这些箭的箭头上都蘸上了毒药。
 She tiptoed across to the bed where the child was lying asleep.     孩子睡了，她掂着脚走到床前。
 After working for fifteen hours I began to tire.     工作了十五个小时之后，我开始感到累了。
 I'm tired of his complaints.     我听腻了他的抱怨。
 The tires of this car don't have enough air in them.     这辆汽车的轮胎气不足了。
 Causing physical or mental fatigue; tedious or tiresome.     乏味的使体力或智力疲倦的；乏味的或令人厌倦的
 She gave us a box of tissues.     她递给我们一盒纸巾。
 This novel was one of last year's best-selling titles.     这本小说是去年最畅销的书之一。
 This road leads to London.     这条路通向伦敦。
 Do not lie any certain plan for the future; it is like planting toad and expect to raise toad- stool.     别为将来拟定确实的计划，那等于种下癞蛤蟆而期望长出牛肝。
 We breakfasted on toast and coffee.     我们用的早餐是烤面包片和咖啡.
 Tobacco and alcoholic drinks are taxed heavily in their country.     烟酒在他们的国家都被课以重税。
 Today is Thursday.     今天是星期四。
example sentence not found
 A toddler who was a menace in a shop full of crystal.     对放满水晶制品的商店构成威胁的蹒跚学步的孩子
 He stepped on my toes.     他踩着了我的脚趾头。
 All my troubles seem to come together.     我的各种问题似乎同时出现了
example sentence not found
 More important, a host of unemployed citizens face the grim problem of existence, and an equal and great number toil with little return.     更重要的是，大批失业公民正面临严峻的生存问题，还有大批公民正以艰辛的劳动换取微薄的报酬。
 She spent an hour on her toilets.     她花了一小时梳妆打扮。
 We sent the poor girl a birthday present in token of friendship.     我们送给那个可怜的小女孩一份生日礼物作为友谊的表示。
 The ten-mile tike told on Bill.     10英里路的远足使比尔疲惫不堪。
 We had a very tolerable lunch.     我们吃了顿很不错的午餐。
 Australian virologist. He shared a1960 Nobel Prize for work on acquired immunological tolerance.     伯内特，（弗兰克）麦克法兰1899－1985澳大利亚病毒学家。因对获得性免疫耐受性的研究而获1960年诺贝尔奖
 Favoring proposals for reform, open to new ideas for progress, and tolerant of the ideas and behavior of others; broad-minded.     开明的赞成改革、接受进步新思想的，对别人的思想和行为宽容的；心胸开阔的
 She almost can tolerate any kind of torrid days.     她几乎能忍受各种酷热的天气。
 Years of hardship and neglect had taken their toll.     多年的劳累和疏于保养损害了他们的健康。
example sentence not found
 Would you like some tomato paste?     你要西红柿酱吗？
 A tombstone stands in front of her tomb.     她墓前立着一块墓碑。
 He asked the mason to make him a tombstone.     他要求这个石匠给他做一块墓碑。
 Tomorrow I will be very busy.     明天我将很忙。
 The maximum load for this lorry is one ton.     这辆卡车最大载重量是一吨。
 That violin has a beautiful tone.     那支小提琴的音色很美。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The doctor looked at her tongue.     医生诊看了她的舌头。
 Praise can be a fine tonic.     赞美有时真让人感到振奋。
 Tonight is a very special occasion.     今晚是非同寻常的日子。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 They got the work done quickly, and well too.     他们把工作快速地做完，而且做得很好。
 The artist tooled a pattern onto the cover of the book with a hot needle.     那位艺术家用烧热的针在书的封面上烫出图案。
example sentence not found
 Now you know what the job involves here's something to get your teeth into.     你既然对这项工作已有所了解，有些事就由你去处理吧。
 His face was swollen (up) with toothache.     他的脸因牙痛而肿了起来.
 Don't forget to pack your toothbrush!     别忘了把牙刷放到箱子里去!
 Which brand of toothpaste do you prefer?     你爱用什麽牌子的牙膏?
 I live on the top floor.     我住在顶层。
 The title, subtitle, or topic that stands at the top or beginning, as of a paragraph, letter, or chapter.     标题，题目出现在（如段落、信件或章节）顶部或开始处的标题、副题或论题
example sentence not found
 His emblems are the spear and the burning torch; His chosen animals are haunters of the battle field, -- the vulture and the dog.     他佩带的徽记是长矛和燃烧着的火炬；他的爱畜是兀鹰和猎犬－－－两种战场上的常客。
 What a little torment that child is!     这孩子真烦人!
 The tornado cut a swath through the town.     龙卷风袭击该镇，留下破坏的痕迹。
 The ship was attacked by torpedo.     那条船遭到鱼雷的攻击。
 A torrent of water poured down the mountain.     洪水从山上奔流而下。
 `Have you got any pets?' `Yes, I've got three rabbits and a tortoise.'     ｀你有什麽宠物吗?＇｀有, 我有三只兔子和一只乌龟.＇
 He tortured his prisoners.     他拷打犯人。
 The children tossed the ball to each other.     孩子们互相把球扔来扔去。
 We have debts totaling 5000 dollars.     我们的债务总计为五千美元。
 All this is totally unnecessary.     所有这些完全都是多余的。
 His sad story touched our hearts.     他的悲惨的故事深深打动了我们的心。
 A lovely melody, tender and touching, floated down to us.     一曲优美的亲切动人的乐曲传到了我们耳边。
 The mines are touchy as hell.     地雷非常灵敏，一有触动便会爆炸。
 The company faces tough competition.     这家公司面临着艰难的竞争。
 We are touring Italy for our holidays this year.     今年我们假期要去意大利旅行。
 A town of Australia located near the center of the country. Tourism and mining are important to its economy. Population, 22,000.     阿利斯斯普林斯澳大利亚一城镇，位于该国中心附近。旅游和采矿为其重要经济来源。人口22，000
 We bought a tourist handbook before going travelling.     出去旅游前，我们先买了一本旅游手册。
 I won the tennis tournament.     我赢了那场网球比赛。
 A ticket tout offered me a two pound ticket for ten pounds.     票贩子索价十镑向我兜售原价两镑的票子。
 My car's broken down; will you give me a tow?     我的车抛锚了，能用你的车给我拖一拖吗？
 The natural force of attraction exerted by a celestial body, such as Earth, upon objects at or near its surface, tending to draw them toward the center of the body.     重力天体如地球，所施加的自然吸引力，如地球，对处于或接近其表面的物体有将它们拉向其中心的趋势
 He felt very friendly towards them.     他对他们非常友好。
 We installed a stainless steel towel rail on the wall.     我们在墙上装了一个不锈钢的挂毛巾的横杆。
 Shakespeare towers above all other Elizabethan dramatists.     莎士比亚远超过伊丽莎白时代所有的剧作家。
 I'm going into town this morning do you want me to get you anything?     我今天上午要到商业区去－－你想让我给你捎什麽东西来吗？
 The quality or condition of being toxic or destructive to the liver.     肝中毒对肝有毒的或毁灭性的性质或状况
 A biotechnology company is developing a range of new pesticide based on naturally occur toxin.     一家生物工艺开发公司正在根据自然滋生毒素的原理研制新型农药系列产品。
example sentence not found
 While she was talking to me, she toyed with a pencil.     她一边和我说话，一边摆弄着一支铅笔。
 I can't trace that letter you sent me.     我找不到你寄给我的那封信。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The dog followed the fox's tracks into the woods.     那只狗沿着狐狸的足迹跑进了树林。
example sentence not found
 Another aspect of our work is tracking down wild and native potato.     我们工作的另一方面是追寻野生长土生的土豆。
 A line established by sighting in surveying a tract of land.     横断线在测量一块土地时通过目视确定的线
 The act of pulling loads; traction.     拖拽拖动装载物的行为；牵引
 There is a tractor in this farmyard.     在这个农家庭院里停着一台拖拉机。
 He usually trades at the nearby supermarket.     他通常在附近的超市购物。
 Appearing briefly in his own films was a trademark of Alfred Hitchcock.     在自己的影片里短暂露面是阿尔弗雷德・希区柯克的特点。
 The trader is always showing dishonesty.     这个商人经常表现得不诚实。
 Many of the tourists on board had begun bargaining with the tradesman.     船上的很多旅客开始与商人讨价还价了。
 We shall carry forward the revolutionary tradition.     我们应该发扬革命传统。
 Do you believe in China's traditional herbal medicine?     你相信中国传统的中草药吗？
 Traffic reaches a peak between 8 and 9 in the morning.     早晨八九点钟是交通的高峰时刻.
 Tragedy is in store for that poor girl from the beginning.     从一开始, 那个女孩的悲剧就是不可避免的。
 He went to pieces when they told him the tragic news.     人们告诉他那悲惨的消息後，他已六神无主了。
 The dogs found the trail of the rabbit.     猎狗发现了兔子的踪迹。
 The tractor took up the slack and pulled the trailer out of the mud.     拖拉机拉紧拖缆把拖车从泥中拉了出来.
 If I don't go now, I will miss the train.     如果我现在不走，就赶不上火车了。
 Trainee commandos are put through an exhausting assault course.     受训的突击队员要参加令人筋疲力尽的突击课程.
 He has a dual interest in the football team; he's the trainer and his son plays for them.     他跟那个足球队有双重关系，他是足球队教练，他的儿子是队员。
 You'll be on your mettle during the training course.     你在训练期间要尽最大努力。
 The return of a trait or recurrence of previous behavior after a period of absence.     重现经过一段时间的缺失后，一特征的重新出现或以前特性的再次发生
 The angry crowd shouted,Knock the traitor on the head. He is not fit to live.     愤怒的群众嚷道，“杀掉这个卖国贼，他该死。
example sentence not found
 We missed the bus and met some tramps.     我们错过了公共汽车，因此不得不步行。
 We will not allow ourselves to be trampled upon.     我们决不容许自己被人轻视。
 A calm or tranquil state of mind; self-possession.     冷静，沉着头脑镇定或沉着的状态；自我克制
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 My passport has been transacted.     我的护照已经办完了。
 What do you want to do after you have concluded this transaction?     这笔生意成交之后你想做什么？
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 She jot down a few note, and later transcribe them into an exercise book.     她草草做了些笔记，然后誊写在练习本上。
example sentence not found
 I cannot vouch for the correctness of the transcript of proceeding.     我不能担保诉讼的官方记录是正确的。
 A transducer designed for a given range of input voltages that produces a larger range of output voltages.     扩展器在某一给定范围的输入电压内产生较大输出电压的转换器
 He intends to transfer the property to his son.     他打算把财产转让给儿子。
example sentence not found
 The magician transformed the frog into a princess.     魔术师把青蛙变成了公主。
 His character seems to have undergone a complete transformation since his marriage.     他结婚之后性格判若两人。
 Open tender for purchasing power transformer.     公开招标购买电力运输设备。
example sentence not found
 The injured man has lost a lot of blood and has to be given a transfusion.     那个受伤的男子失血过多，必须进行输血。
example sentence not found
 Her feeling of depression was transient.     她那抑郁的心情一会儿就过去了。
 A transistor radio.     晶体管收音机
 You must allow for five per cent wastage in transit.     在运输中要允许有百分之五的损耗量.
 A transition or change, as to a spiritual existence at death.     过渡过渡或变化，如人死后向精神存在的过渡
example sentence not found
 Can you translate the sentence into English?     你能把这句话翻译成英语吗？
 I think her translation of the article is much better than his.     我认为她对这篇文章的翻译要比他强的多。
 His love of languages inclined him towards a career as a translator.     他对语言的热爱促使他从事翻译工作.
example sentence not found
 The lavatory windows are made of translucent glass.     厕所窗户是用半透明玻璃做的。
 A means of one-way transmission.     单向传输的一种手段。
 The tension soon transmitted itself to all the members of the crowd.     这种紧张情绪很快感染了人群中所有的人。
 The sending of a signal, picture, or other information from a transmitter.     播送从一发射机发送信号、图像或其它信息
 A machine for projecting the images of opaque objects or transparencies on a screen.     透反射两用幻灯机用于将不透明或透明物体的影象投影到屏幕上的机器
 The meaning of this passage seems quite transparent.     这一段的意思看来是相当清楚的。
 She had a bone-marrow transplant.     她接受了骨髓移植手术。
 Wheat is transported from the farms to the mills.     把小麦从农场运到面粉厂。
 The Panama Canal has played a very important role in transportation.     巴拿马运河在运输上起到了非常重要的作用。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A medal, emblem, or insignia in the form of an upright post with a transverse piece near the top of it, or a modification thereto.     十字勋章用接近顶部的地方横梁上的一根立柱的形状制成的勋章或徽章或由此加以装饰的饰物
 By clever questioning they trapped him into making a confession.     他们用巧妙的提问诱使他招认了。
 Many things pollute water, such as tires, trash, and plastic bags.     很多东西使水污染，例如轮胎、垃圾和塑胶袋。
 A bodily injury, irritation, or trauma.     身体的损伤，发炎或损伤
 He has traveled widely.     他到过很多地方。
 The traveler wrapped himself with a blanket.     旅行者用毯子把自己裹上。
 The traveller had to fight his way out through the tropical forest with an axe.     旅行者不得不用斧头在热带森林里砍出一条路来。
 Searching lights traversed the sky.     探照灯扫过天空。
 She set a tray down on the table.     她把托盘放在桌子上了.
 We heard his heavy tread on the staircase.     我们听到了他走在楼梯上沉重的脚步声。
 English politician and historian who was falsely accused of treason and banished(1667). While in France he wrote his major work, The History of the Rebellion and Civil Wars in England(1702-1704).     克拉伦登英国政治家和历史学家，被错判叛国罪并流放（1667年）。在法国写出他的重要著作英国叛乱和内战史（1702－1704年）
 Such a lesson should be treasured in our memories.     这样的宝贵教训应该铭记在心。
 We want to put you up for club treasurer.     我们想请你担任俱乐部的司库.
 How much money is in the company's treasury?     公司的金库里存有多少钱？
 This boy is being treated for a heart condition.     这个男孩正在接受心脏病治疗。
 Our professor asked him to write a treatise on the subject.     我们的教授要求他就这个课题写篇论文。
 You should follow your treatment with plenty of rest in bed.     你应该在治疗之後好好卧床休息.
 The house was sold by private treaty.     这所房子以私人协议的方式售出。
 He sings treble.     他唱最高音部。
 In the storm I took shelter under the tree.     暴风雨时，我正在树下躲避。
 It took the climber a month to trek to the foot of the mountain before they even started their climb.     登山者还未开始爬山，光是艰苦地跋涉到山脚下就花了1个月时间。
example sentence not found
 He was trembling with rage.     他气得发抖。
 We got a tremendous surprise when she arrived.     她的到来使我们大吃一惊。
 I forgot to dig a trench around the tent.     我忘了在帐篷四周挖一条沟。
 The youth like to follow the latest trends in fashion.     年轻人喜好追求最新的流行款式。
 One who is guilty of a trespass or sin; a sinner.     罪人犯有过失和罪过的人；罪人
example sentence not found
 The murder trial lasted six weeks.     法庭对这一谋杀案的审理为时六周。
 He outlined the triangle in red.     他用红笔画出三角形.
 It's a film of triangular love affair.     那是个三角恋爱的电影。
 Tribal dancers were wearing grotesque masks.     部落中跳舞的人戴着古怪的面具。
 I have heard the cannibal tribe in stories.     我在故事里听说过食人部落。
 The tribunal will convene tomorrow.     法庭将于明日开庭。
 A tributary colony.     进贡的殖民地
 The musician gave full tribute to his former teacher.     这位音乐家盛赞了他过去的老师。
 He played some clever magic tricks.     他表演了一些巧妙的魔术。
 She trickles oil into the mixture.     她把油一点点地注入混合物中。
 She showed great tact in dealing with a tricky situation.     她处理棘手的局面表现得十分老练.
 We trifled too long at the fair.     我们在集市上逛得太久了。
 So trifling or trivial as to be beneath one's consideration.     微小的，微不足道的如此微小或琐碎的以至于不值得考虑的
 I pulled the trigger and the gun went off.     我一扣扳机, 枪就响了.
 We have to trim our cost if we want to increase our profit.     我们如果想增加利润，就必须削减开支。
 She wore a dress trimmed with tinsel.     她穿着饰有亮片的连衣裙。
 They planned to make a wedding trip to Paris.     他们计划到巴黎旅行度蜜月。
example sentence not found
 The plan has a triple purpose.     该计划有三个目的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 He gave a cry of triumph.     他得意地叫了起来。
 Marked by great joy or jubilation; triumphant.     狂喜的以极度高兴或欢呼为特征的；得意洋洋的的
 Empty, foolish, or trivial talk; idle chatter.     闲聊空洞、愚蠢或琐碎的谈话；闲聊
 These suitcases are too heavy to carry; we need a trolley.     这些衣箱太沉了，我们需要一辆小手推车。
 There is a troop of monkeys in the woods.     林子中有一群猴子。
 Does cowslip grow in tropic countries?     西洋樱草生长于热带国家吗？
 Is Singapore a tropical country?     新加坡是热带国家吗？
 The horse trotted down the road.     马在路上小跑着。
 Did you have any trouble finding your way here?     你在这里找路费事吗？
 My cough is rather troublesome today.     我今天咳嗽得很难受。
 Charlie Chaplin went to the United States for the just time in1910 as a part of a troupe.     查尔斯・卓别麟1910年作为一个演员随一个戏班第一次到了美国。
 Their dog bit a hole in my trousers.     他们的狗把我的裤子咬了个窟窿。
 The fishermen knew that trout were out of season at that time.     渔民们知道，那时不是捕鳟鱼的季节。
 The boy was enticed into playing truant.     这个男孩被引诱逃学。
 He was in favour of the declaration of a truce.     他赞成宣布停战.
 They transported the goods by truck.     他们用卡车运货。
 She gave the true account of what had happened.     她如实地讲述了发生的事情。
 She didn't let anyone know what she truly felt.     她不让别人知道她的真实感情。
 I'm not blowing my own trumpet, but I did all the top jobs.     我并不是自吹自擂，但所有的重要工作都是我干的。
example sentence not found
 The morning glory climbs the trunk with its tendril.     牵牛花用卷须攀着树干。
 Can you trust his account of what happened?     你能相信他对发生的事情所做的报告吗？
 He is trustworthy and I am dead sure he wouldn't hand me a lemon.     他为人可靠，我确信他不会把坏东西给我。
 We shall find out the truth early or late.     我们迟早会查明事实真相。
 He is a truthful child.     他是个从不说谎的孩子。
 After a few tries they decided to give up.     试了几次后，他们决定放弃。
 We are trying to make a few economies.     我们正想办法节省一些。
 A large vessel, such as a tub, cistern, or barrel, used to hold or store liquids.     大桶；大盆；缸一种大容器，如大盆、水箱或大桶，用来装或贮存液体
 I go to work on the tube.     我经常乘地铁去上班。
 The formation of cavities in a body tissue or an organ, especially those formed in the lung as a result of tuberculosis.     成洞身体组织或器官内空洞的形成，尤指那种因肺结核而在肺中形成的空洞
 The baby's dress was beautifully tucked with tiny stitches.     婴儿衫的褶裥打得针脚细密，很漂亮。
 Would next Tuesday be too late?     下星期二会不会太迟了?
 She tried to tug my hand away.     她试图把我的手拉开。
 By pinch and scraping for the last five year, she have enough money to pay for her son's tuition.     在过去的五年里，她省吃俭用，终於积足了钱可支付她儿子的学费。
 An onion bulb; a tulip bulb.     洋葱球；郁金香球根
 She tumbled down the stairs.     她滚下了楼梯。
 Presently the tumult died down.     一会儿工夫骚动平息了下来。
example sentence not found
 She calls the tune in their house.     他们家中她说了算。
example sentence not found
 Miss Ida took her car to the garage to have the engine tuned up.     艾达小姐把车子开到修车厂去调整发动机。
 Suddenly the train roared into a tunnel and everything was black.     突然火车轰隆隆地驶入一个隧道，四周的一切都漆黑一团。
 The gas turbine feeds on the fuel it pumps.     燃气轮机以它所抽入的燃料为能源。
 The sea is too turbulent for sailing.     海浪太大，不宜航行。
 She laid the bouquet on the newly turfed grave.     她把这束花放置在新铺上草皮的坟墓上。
 A native or inhabitant of Turkey.     土耳其人土耳其的原住民或居民
 A medieval ruler of a Mongol, Tartar, or Turkish tribe.     可汗蒙古族、鞑靼人或土耳其人在中世纪时的统治者
 The London Stock Exchange is in turmoil today.     今天伦敦证券市场一片混乱。
 Caterpillars turned into butterflies.     毛虫会变成蝴蝶。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Take the second turning on the left.     在第二个转弯处向左转。
 Human life and turnip remain cheap and plentiful.     人命与萝卜依然是多而且便宜。
example sentence not found
 The firm has an annual turnover of 75 million.     这家公司的年营业额为7500万英镑.
 The factory turns out more than a hundred cars a week.     这家工厂每周生产品100多辆汽车。
example sentence not found
 An old shellfish or turtle with a growth of algae on its back.     绿毛龟一种背上有绿色水藻的老的水生贝壳类动物或海龟
 For extra money, she tutors on weekends.     为了多挣些钱，她在周末当家庭教师。
 The kids glued their eyes to the TV set, watching a cartoon.     孩子们目不转睛地盯着电视机看卡通片。
example sentence not found
 The former champion went down to a hammer-blow in the twelfth round.     这位前冠军在第十二回合中受到一拳重击而败北了。
 I go out for lunch at twelve.     我十二点出去吃午饭。
 That's the twentieth goal he's kicked this season.     这是他本赛季踢进的第二十个球.
 Twenty shillings were equal to one pound before 1971.     1971年前，二十先令等于一英镑。
 I am more than twice as old as he.     我的年龄是他的两倍还不止。
 I kept dropping hints but he still didn't twig.     我一直不停地暗示他，但他还是不懂。
 Twilight merged into total darkness.     暮色四合, 渐而一片漆黑.
 They have twin daughters.     他们有一双孪生女儿。
 He disappeared in a twinkling of an eye.     转眼间他就无影无踪了。
 She did a twirl in front of the mirror.     她对著镜子转了一圈.
 She twisted the long scarf round her head.     她把那条长围巾围在头上。
 We shall have meetings on two consecutive days, Monday and Tuesday.     周一周二连续两天我们都将开会。
 Could you type this letter for me?     你能为我打这封信吗？
example sentence not found
 She inserted a new sheet of paper into the typewriter.     她把一张白纸插入打字机里。
 Typhoid is an example of a notifiable disease.     伤寒是必须报告卫生当局的病例.
 The area is flooded, as frequently happens during the typhoon.     这个地区淹了水，这是台风时经常发生的。
 They reacted to the appalling weather with typical British stoicism.     他们忍受著恶劣天气的煎熬, 表现了英国人典型的坚忍不拔的精神.
 Typically, he would come in late and then say that he had to go early.     他一向是来得很晚，然后又总说他得早走。
 The typist is away on holiday this week.     打字员本周休假.
 He has a tyrannical reign on his empire.     他是个残暴的皇帝。
 People will remember the tyrannies of his reign.     人们不会忘记他统治时期的暴行。
 This ruler is a pitiless tyrant.     这个统治者是一个冷酷的暴君。
 The tyre is too hard reduce the pressure a bit.     这轮胎太硬，要减少一点压力。
 Have any of you actually seen a UFO?     你们中间是不是有人确实看到过飞碟？
 What an ugly mutt!     多难看的杂种狗哇!
 My mouth has an ulcer.     我的口腔出现了溃疡。
 Our ultimate objective is the removal of all nuclear weapons.     我们的最终目标是消除所有核武器。
 Every value they created ultimately redounded to his boss.     他们创造的价值最后全进了他们老板的腰包。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 An instrument that in a painless and noninvasive manner uses the differential transmission and reflection of ultrasonic waves to create a detailed visual image of the brain.     超声波心动描记器一种用来显示详细的大脑图象的仪器，利用超声波发送和反射的差异来测试并无伤无痛
example sentence not found
 Enhancing the effects of or inducing a toxic reaction to light, especially to ultraviolet light.     光中毒的加强光的有毒反应影响的，或引起光的有毒反应的，尤指紫外线的光线
 You should take an umbrella just as a precaution.     你该带把伞，有备无患。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 We are as yet unable to say when the train will arrive.     我们还说不上火车什么时候到达。
 The theory he put forward at the meeting was entirely at fault and was therefore unacceptable.     他在会上提出的理论完全不可靠，因此是不能接受的。
 These rights are unaffected by the new laws.     这些权利不受新法规的影响。
example sentence not found
 An optical instrument that uses a lens or a combination of lenses to produce magnified images of small objects, especially of objects too small to be seen by the unaided eye.     显微镜用一个透镜或一些透镜的组合来制造小物体的放大形像的视力工具，通常用来观察肉眼看不到的物体
 Politicians from all parties were completely unanimous in condemning his action.     所有党派的政治家们都一致谴责他的行为。
example sentence not found
 An unattached body cell, such as a blood or lymph cell.     活细胞孤立的身体细胞，例如血球细胞、淋巴细胞
 An unattended fire.     没有注意的火灾
 Containing information, the unauthorized disclosure of which poses the gravest threat to national security.     绝密极其保密的信息，任何不经许可的揭密都会对国家安全造成最严重的危胁
 Her manuscript is unavailable.     [美]她的稿件不拟采用。
 Something, such as corrective discipline or punishment, that is unpleasant but necessary or unavoidable.     （喻）药某种令人不快的但却必需的或不可避免的东西，例如矫正性惩罚
 They attacked him unaware when he was reading.     他们趁他看书不注意时袭击了他。
 He is unbearable when he's in a bad temper.     他发脾气时让人无法忍受。
 It is unbelievable how stupid he is.     他真是笨得令人难以置信。
example sentence not found
 I'm uncertain whether to go or not.     我不能肯定去还是不去。
 They lived in the uncertainty on the dole.     他们依靠救济金的生活不安定。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Your uncle is very sick.     你的叔叔病得很厉害。
 Your intent gaze made her uncomfortable.     你的注目凝视使她感到不自在。
 Hurricanes are uncommon in England.     飓风在英国非常罕见。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 This wounded soldier was unconscious from his loss of blood.     这名伤员由于失血过多而昏迷不醒。
example sentence not found
 Everyone uncovered when the signal sounded.     信号响时，人人脱帽致敬。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 If you take a deep breath you can stay under for more than a minute.     只要深吸一口气就能在水里待上一分多钟。
example sentence not found
 You shouldn't underestimate the risks of the enterprise.     你不应低估这一计画的风险.
example sentence not found
 I hope that I shall never again have to undergo such unpleasant experience.     我希望我永远不会再遭遇到这种不愉快的经历。
 On one hand, one rule limits the women's colleges to300 members, and on the other hand, another rule allows the total number of women to be1/50 of the male undergraduate population.     一方面一个规章制定在校的女生数限于300人，另一方面，另一规定又允许女生总数占男生人数的五分之一。
 The spy never told his family about his underground activities.     这位间谍从未把他的秘密活动告诉家里人。
example sentence not found
 Those words are underlined in the English book.     那本英语书中有些单词下画着线进行强调。
 The mass of rock underlying a mineral deposit in a mine.     矿藏底石位于一个矿中金属矿藏之下的大量石头
 Beware of the fifth column. They often infiltrate into key positions and seek to undermine the body politic from within.     要提防隐蔽的敌人，他们经常渗透到关键岗位企图从内部破坏国家政体。
 The underneath part felt damp.     底层很潮湿。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 I don't understand what you are saying.     我不知道你在说什么。
 We should get a thorough understanding about the cultural diversity of the United States.     我们应该对美国文化的多样性有一个全面的了解。
 He undertook to finish the job by Friday.     他答应星期五之前完成这项工作。
 An undertaking, especially one of some scope, complication, and risk.     事业一项事业，尤其指一项雄心勃勃、复杂、且具危险性的事业
 Fabric knitted of this thread, used especially for hosiery and underwear.     里耳线织物用这种线织成的织物，尤指袜类及内衣
 The government underwrotethe initial costs of the operation.     政府为该项活动提供了开办时所需的费用.
example sentence not found
 The drug has no undesirable side-effects.     这种药没有什麽不良的副作用.
 It's better for the doer to undo what he has done.     解铃还需系铃人。
 What's done cannot be undone.     st. 覆水难收.
 His teachers told him to pull his socks up, or he'd undoubtedly fail his exam.     老师要他加把劲儿, 不然考试准不及格.
 It would be wise not to give undue importance to his criticism.     不过份看重他的批评是明智的。
 Don't be unduly worried about the exam.     不要过分担心考试的事。
 They had an uneasy suspicion that all was not well.     他们有一种令人不安的猜疑，所有的事都不太妙。
 There are many unemployed workers in the city.     这个城市里有很多失业工人。
 Unemployment has gone up again.     失业人数又上升了.
example sentence not found
 The car bumped on the uneven surface of the gravel road.     汽车在高低不平的砾石路面上颠簸着。
 What an unexpected pleasure!     这真是个意外的惊喜！
 I finished work unexpectedly early.     我的工作意外地提早做完。
example sentence not found
 She sued her employer for unfair dismissal.     她控告雇主无理解雇工人。
 I got an unfavorable score.     我得到一个不理想的成绩。
 You're very unfit; you ought to take up running.     你身体很弱, 应该练练跑步.
 She gradually unfolded her plan to him.     她渐渐向他透露了自己的计划。
 An unforgettable experience.     一个不会被遗忘的经验
 I was unfortunate to lose my keys.     我很倒霉，丢了钥匙。
 Unfortunately he won't be here tomorrow evening.     可惜的是他明晚不在这儿。
 An ungainly gesture.     不雅的姿势。
 He told me about his unhappy childhood.     他对我讲了他不幸福的童年。
 Having a sickly or unhealthy pallor indicative of nausea or jealousy, for example.     脸色难看的脸色呈病态或不健康的苍白色，可能由恶心或妒忌引起
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Europe's plans for further unification may be up in the air, but people from Helsinki to Rome have been learning an often painful lesson in recent weeks about how entwined their economies have already become.     欧洲进一步统一的计划可以尚未定案，可是从赫尔辛基到罗马的人在最近几星期得到一个时常令人痛苦的教训：他们各国的经济已经如何地牵扯在一起了。
 The students are wearing school uniforms.     学生们穿着校服。
 Force applied uniformly over a surface, measured as force per unit of area.     压力；压强统一作用于物体表面的力量，用每一单位面积上的压力计量
 It can be helped by the unifying of relief activities which today are of ten scattered, uneconomical, unequal.     将现在常常是分散不经济、不平等的救济活动统一起来有助于任务的完成。
 Either of two basic units in cultural anthropology that make up a tribe on the basis of unilateral descent.     一个分支在文化人类学中，在单系血统基础上构成一个部落的两个基本的部落分支的任意一个
 Lacking meaning; unintelligible.     不明白的；难以理解的
 She seemed completely uninterested in what I had to tell her about my new job.     我想把我新工作的事告诉她，她好像丝毫不感兴趣。
 We all accused the union of torpedoing the negotiation.     我们都谴责工会破坏谈判。
 He's caught the unique opportunity.     他抓住了那唯一的机会。
 We were a unit on the question.     在这个问题上，我们的意见是一致的。
example sentence not found
 The oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it. (=The oceans do not divide the world so much as unite it.)     与其说是海洋分割这个世界，不如说是统一这个世界。
 Closely joined; grown together; united.     密切联合的；生长在一起的；联合的
 National unity is essential in time of war.     举国团结在战时是非常重要的。
 When was universal suffrage introduced in your country?     贵国是什么时候实行普选权的？
 It is universally acknowledged that...     普遍认为...
 We begin to plumb the mysteries of the universe.     我们开始探索宇宙的奥秘。
 I enrolled at the University of Vienna.     我报名就读于维也纳大学。
example sentence not found
 It will be unjust to let me suffer for the folly of other people.     让我因他人的愚昧而受罪是不公平的。
 Unkind isn't the word for it! He treats the animals appallingly!     岂止是｀不好＇! 他对待动物是太不成话了!
 He was an unknown painter one year ago.     一年前，他还是一个不为人知的画家。
 The little boy is unlawful.     那个小孩是私生的。
 I sleep with the window open unless its really cold.     我总是开著窗户睡觉, 除非天气非常冷才关上窗户.
 Unlike his brother, he has a good sense of humor.     和他兄弟不同，他有种幽默感。
 He is very ill and unlikely to recover.     他病得非常厉害，不大可能恢复健康了。
 If only one had an unlimited supply of money!     要是财源不断就好了！
example sentence not found
 Lorries may only park here when loading or unloading.     卡车非装卸货物时不得在此停车。
 Scientists have unlocked the secret of the atom.     科学家已经揭开了原子的秘密。
 What an unlucky train of events!     多么不幸的一连串事件!
example sentence not found
 It's not unnatural that you should feel annoyed.     你感到生气是不足为怪的。
example sentence not found
 You shouldn't expose the soldiers to unnecessary risks.     你不应该让士兵们冒不必要的危险。
example sentence not found
 Our bags were packed and we were all set to leave when we received new instructions from our Government. We unpacked and stayed.     我们打点完行装正准备出发，这时，接到了政府的新指示。我们又解开行装留下了。
 He's taken unpaid leave for a month.     他请了一个月的停薪假。
 He's making himself cheap by his unpleasant behaviour.     他那令人讨厌的行为有损他自己的身份。
 We are seeing unemployment on an unprecedented scale.     我们现在正经历规模空前的失业现象。
 Irregular in course or behavior; unpredictable.     不规律的在过程上或行为上无规律的；不可预测的
example sentence not found
 An unquestionable antique.     毫无疑问的文物
example sentence not found
 You know as well as I do that you're being unreasonable.     你很清楚你不讲理.
example sentence not found
 The social unrest has its origins in economic problems.     社会动荡是经济问题引起的。
example sentence not found
 It's unsafe for her to go alone.     她单独去是很危险的。
 Reception of TV programmes is unsatisfactory here.     这里电视节目的接收情况不佳。
example sentence not found
 Buyer state cargo unsound condition and prepare claim is await result of our counter survey.     买方说货物质量不高，准备提出索赔，并在等待我们提邮的相对检验结果。
 If it were gentle, only the more unstable rods fell.     若地震是微弱的，仅那些比较不稳定的杆子倒下。
 Landon had made an unsuccessful attempt at the recitation, and the doctor, somewhat nettled, said:Landon, you don't seem to be getting on very fast in this subject.     兰登作了一次不成功的朗诵。老师有点不悦，对他说道：“兰登，你在这门课上好像进步不大，你好像缺乏志向。”
 Her parents will never acquiesce in such an unsuitable marriage.     她的父母决不会答应这门不相宜的婚事。
 As the project develop, unsuspected difficulty come to the fore.     随著工程项目的发展，没有料到的困难接连出现了。
 Untie me from the chair.     把我从椅子上解开。
 He lived in California until he was twenty.     他在加里弗尼亚一直住到20岁.
 The report has yet untold facts.     这个报告还有未叙述的事实。
 Indeed, anything untoward was now kept from James.     的确，现在一切不顺心的事都小心瞒着詹姆士。
 The act of obtaining usable substances from unusable sources.     废物利用从无用的东西中获取有用物质的行为
 She keeps an unused stamp of monkey.     她保存着一枚未曾用过的猴邮票。
 An unusual conjunction of circumstances led to the incident.     各种情况的偶然巧合导致了这件事的发生。
example sentence not found
 Give our leavings (ie unwanted food) to the dog.     把我们吃剩的东西喂狗吧.
 Boastful, unwarranted pride in one's accomplishments or qualities.     极度自负自负的，对某人的成绩或品德无保证地自负的
 We perceived that we were unwelcome and left.     我们发觉自己不受欢迎，因此便离开了。
 You are plainly unwilling to co-operate.     你显然不愿合作.
 Proposition afraid unworkable try submit al terminative     所提方案恐不可行，请另提其他方案。
 He went up to her to ask her for a dance.     他走到她跟前，请她跳个舞。
 Basically, it's all a question of upbringing.     这基本上全是一个教养的问题。
 The feedback from the computer enables us to update the program.     计算机的反馈能使我们更新程序.
 She was upgraded to (the post of) sales director.     她已提升为销售部主任.
 The judge upheld the lower court's decision.     法官维持初级法院的判决。
 Orderly in the upkeep of his rooms.     在保养他的房间上一丝不苟
example sentence not found
 Her wavy hair fell in loose wisps and loops upon her shoulders.     她那一头波浪般的长发一簇簇一圈圈地散垂在肩上。
 Passengers may smoke only on the upper deck of the bus.     乘客只可以在公共汽车的上层吸烟。
example sentence not found
 Morally upright; honest.     正直的，诚实的
 Beginning with the Nanchang Uprising, the Party led a series of armed struggles.     从南昌起义开始，我们党领导了一系列的武装斗争。
 His motion threw the meeting into an uproar.     他的建议在会上引起了一片吵嚷。
 He has an upset stomach.     他胃不舒服。
 The house was turned upside down by the burglars.     屋子里被夜贼弄得乱七八糟。
 We crept upstairs so as not to wake the baby.     为了不吵醒婴儿，我们蹑手蹑脚地上了楼梯。
 We paddled (the canoe) slowly upstream.     我们慢慢地划著（独木舟）逆流而上.
 Upward pressure from underlying magma domes the surface.     地下岩浆的向上推力使地面成圆顶形。
 The rear door hinges/is hinged at the top so that it opens upwards.     後面的门是在顶部铰接上的, 以便可以向上开.
 A green radioactive mineral that is a hydrous crystalline phosphate of uranium and copper.     铜铀云母一种绿色的放射性矿物，为铀和铜的氢化结晶云母
 The satellite of Uranus that is fourth in distance from the planet.     天卫三距离天王星第四远的天王星卫星
 An urban district of eastern Northern Ireland, an industrial and residential suburb of Belfast. Population, 72,400.     纽敦阿比北爱尔兰东部城区，是贝尔诺斯特的工业和居民区。人口72，400
 They urged on us the need for cooperation.     他们向我们强调合作的必要性。
 Rarely did she request help but this was a matter of urgency.     她很少求助於人，这事却是十分紧急。
 Demanding prompt action; urgent.     紧急的要求迅速行动的；急切的
 The order No.105 is so urgently required that we have to ask you to speed up shipment.     第105号订单所订货物我们要急用，请你们加快装船速度。
example sentence not found
 A bladder, especially the urinary bladder or the gallbladder.     膀胱，泡，囊膀胱，尤指泌尿器官的膀胱或胆囊
 The bladder collects urine.     膀胱能储存尿液。
 What others think exercises a great influence on most of us.     别人怎样想对我们多半会产生很大影响。
 The secession of some southern states from the USA in the 1860s led to the civil war.     由于南部某些州于十九世纪六十年代脱离美国而导致了南北战争。
example sentence not found
 Languages develop continually through usage.     语言在使用中不断发展。
 The company now uses a computer to do all its account.     这家公司现在使用电脑来计算所有的帐目。
 Are you used to the food here?     你习惯吃这儿的饭菜吗？
 This reference book is very useful to our study.     这本参考书对我们的研究很有用。
 When he retired he felt that he had outlived his usefulness.     他退休后觉得自己年老无用了。
 I had expended much time on the work but they told me it's useless.     我花了很多时间在这件工作上，他们却告诉我说这是无用的。
 Data that describes the significant characteristics of a user, a group of users, or one or more computer resources.     描述一个用户、一组用户或一至多个计算机资源重要特征的数据。
 As usual, there weren't many people at the meeting.     像往常一样，来开会的人不多。
 We usually meet at six o'clock in the afternoon.     我们通常下午六点钟会面。
 A hollow utensil, such as a cup, vase, or pitcher, used as a container, especially for liquids.     容器一种空的容器，比如杯子、瓶子或罐子，用来装液体的一种器皿
 The source entry utility operation during which source statements are keyed in and added a new records in a source member.     一种源输入公用程序的操作，在这一操作过程中，它将键入的源语句作为新记录加到源成员中。
 A system of physical conditioning designed to enhance circulatory and respiratory efficiency that involves vigorous, sustained exercise, such as jogging, swimming, or cycling, thereby improving the body's utilization of oxygen.     有氧健身法旨在增强循环和呼吸功效的生理调节体系，包括有力的、持久的锻炼，例如慢跑、游泳或骑自行车，从而提高肌体对氧气的利用
 How can we utilize his knowledge and skill to our advantage?     我们如何来利用他的知识和技术才对我们有利？
 We can't take on any more work we're fully stretched (ie working to the utmost of our powers) at the moment.     我们不能再接受更多的工作了--目前已经全力以赴了.
 It's an utter waste of time.     这完全是浪费时间。
 She has a defective utterance.     她发音有缺陷。
 We utterly failed to convince them.     我们根本说服不了他们。
 Fill a job vacancy.     填补工作的空缺
 He does not know what to do with his vacant time.     他不知道空闲时间该干点什么。
 School children are on vacation.     小学生们正在放假。
example sentence not found
 Induced by vaccination.     因种痘引起的
 The search for a new vaccine took priority over all other medical research.     在各种医药研究中, 应首先解决寻找新疫苗的问题.
 Some pumps and all vacuum cleaners work by suction.     有些泵和所有真空吸尘器都是借吸力工作的。
 I haven't the vaguest idea who he is.     我一点儿都不知道他是谁。
 All our work was in vain.     我们的工作全都白干了。
 Before they fled the country, the enemy vainly attempted to destroy all the factories.     敌人在逃往国外前，妄图把所有工厂都毁掉。
 The marriage was held to be valid.     这一婚姻关系是有效的。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The belief that all religions are of equal validity.     冷淡主义认为所有宗教具有相同的正确性
 Every spring the river floods the valley.     每年春天河水把山谷淹没。
 Valuable raw materials were salvaged (from the sunken freighter).     （从沉船中）打捞起许多贵重的原料.
 An expert or official valuation, as for taxation.     鉴定，估价如在税收方面专家或官方的估价
example sentence not found
 This book will be of great value to him in his study.     这本书将对他的研究有很大价值。
 He valued the house for me at 80000.     那所房子他给我估价80000英镑.
 We need an eye bolt to fit this valve.     我们需要一个有眼螺栓来固定这个阀门。
 Jim had ulterior motives in buying me a drink he wants to borrow my van.     吉姆请我喝酒是另有所图--他想借用我的客货车.
example sentence not found
 After the alien spacecraft had hovered over the park for a short time, it vanished.     那只外星来的宇宙飞船在公园上空盘旋了一会儿之后就不见了。
 Vanity is his Achilles' heel.     虚荣自负是他的致命伤.
example sentence not found
 Water can be changed into vapor when heated.     水被加热时，可以变成水蒸汽。
 A cloud is a mass of vapour in the sky.     云是天空中的水汽团。
 Winds are mainly light and variable.     风力较弱，风向多变。
 This theory is at variance with the known facts.     这种理论与已知事实不符。
 Moustache is a variant spelling of mustache.     moustache是mustache不同的拼法。
 The dial records showed a very slight variation in pressure.     刻度盘显示出压力有极微小的变化。
 A town of southwest Connecticut north of Bridgeport. It is a residential community with varied industries. Population, 32,016.     特朗布尔，约拿丹1710－1785美国政治家，曾经任康涅狄格殖民地总督，独立战争期间为大陆军提供给养及支持
 Variety is the spice of life.     变化是生活的调味品。
 Various objects were on the table.     桌子上摆着各种各样的物体。
 The hot plate may spoil the varnish on the table.     这只热盘子会损坏桌面的光泽。
 She varied her dress as fashion changes.     她的衣着随着潮流而变化。
example sentence not found
 I arranged the flowers in the vase as soon as I came back home.     一回到家里，我就把花在花瓶里插好。
 We admired his intellectual providence to acquire vast stores of dry information.     我们钦佩他收集大量原始资料的远见卓识。
 Does the price include VAT?     这价钱是否已包括增值税在内?
 Our school won first place for the pole vault.     我们学校赢得了撑杆跳第一名。
 Otherwise the video can be connected through the VCR first and then out to the monitor.     视频也可以先通过VCR连接，然后输出到监视器上。
example sentence not found
 We've grown many vegetables in our garden.     我们在花园里种了许多蔬菜。
 I prefer vegetarian food.     我喜欢吃素食。
 The path leads to a hill bare of vegetation.     这条小道通向一座没有草木的小山。
 She made a vehement attack on the government's policies.     她强烈谴责政府的政策。
 Television has become an important vehicle for spreading political ideas.     电视已成为传播政治思想的重要媒介。
 He tried to veil his contempt at my ignorance.     他试图掩饰对我的无知的蔑视。
 There is a vein of melancholy in his character.     他的性格中有少许忧郁的气质。
 The car was moving at such a velocity!     那辆汽车的速度简直太快了！
 The queen assumed a velvet robe.     王后穿了一件天鹅绒长袍
example sentence not found
 The list contain name of the vendor we do business with.     这个名单上有与我们有业务往来的卖主的名字。
example sentence not found
 He cried to heaven for vengeance.     他哭求老天为他雪耻。
 When I get frustrated and angry, I have to vent my spleen on someone.     我受尽挫折，怒火冲天时，禁不住想找谁发一顿脾气。
 My office is well ventilated.     我的办公室通风良好。
 They increased ventilation by opening the top center part of the carriage window.     他们把车厢上面的中央部分打开以增进空气的流通。
 Venture a small fish to catch a great one.     【谚】欲钓大鱼，先舍小鱼。
 Information about Venus obtained by Russian probes has been published on some magazines.     许多杂志发表了由俄国航天探测器获得的有关金星的信息。
 The verb should be in the plural.     这个动词应用复数形式。
 The teacher teaches us the verbal skills.     老师告诉我们使用言辞的技巧。
 They have had the verdict of the electors.     他们已经知道了选举人的决定。
 She was on the verge of tears.     她几乎要哭出来了。
 A program for protocol verification which mechanically generates all states reachable from a given initial state and checks the validity of user defined conditions in each state.     验证协议的程序，它从一个给定的初始状态机械地产生出一切可以到达的状态，并且审查每一状态下用户定义的条件的有效性。
example sentence not found
 The truth verified the allegations.     事实证明了这些说法。
 A versatile aircraft capable of functioning as a fighter and a bomber chiefly in tactical and defensive operations.     战斗轰炸机一种主要用于战斗和防卫的多功能通用飞机，可行使战斗机和轰炸机的功能
 There are four verses in each poem.     每首诗有四个诗节。
 He is well versed in the science of optics.     他精通光学。
 The two newspapers gave different versions of what happened.     两家报纸对发生的事说法不一。
example sentence not found
 The perpendicular distance from the base of a geometric figure to the opposite vertex, parallel side, or parallel surface.     顶垂线，高线从一个几何形体的底边到相对的顶点、平行边或平行面的垂直距离
 The vertical line meets the horizontal one here.     垂直线与水平线在此相交.
 An airplane built to fly vertically as well as forward.     垂直升降飞机一种既可向前飞亦可垂直飞行的飞机
 You are the very man I'm looking for.     你正是我要找的人。
 We hove the vessel to.     我们把船停住了.
 He only wears a vest in the room.     他在家里只穿了一件背心。
 This washing machine is really a veteran.     这台洗衣机真是老古董了。
 The president last week vetoed the tax cut.     总统上个星期否决了减税法案。
 He was vexed at his failure.     他因失败而糟心。
 She was vexed that I was late.     她嗔怪我来晚了.
 We shall go from London to Washington via New York.     我们将从伦敦经过纽约到华盛顿。
example sentence not found
 The whole house vibrates whenever a heavy lorry passes.     重型卡车一经过，整所房子都震动起来。
 Even at full speed the ship's engines cause very little vibration.     这条船即使全速前进，发动机的震动也很小。
 We should take into account the proposals of our parents and vice versa.     我们应该考虑父母的建议, 反之亦然。
 In this general vicinity; around here.     在这一带在这里附近；在这周围
 Your vicious dog is menacing my cat!     你那条恶狗对我家的猫太凶了！
 We are collecting money for the famine victim.     我们在为遭受饥荒的灾民募捐。
 Our hearts/sympathies go out to relatives of the victims.     我们很同情受害者的亲属.
 Prepare diskettes for use on the Victor computer.     为在胜利牌电脑上的应用准备了磁盘。
 The victorious general made a triumphant return.     这位打了胜仗的将军凯旋而归。
 We win the emphatic victory.     我们赢得了那场有目共睹的胜利。
 We have a video camera.     我们有一架摄像机。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The valley was hidden from view in the mist.     溪谷隐没在雾霭之中，看不见了。
example sentence not found
 For every viewer whomustn't miss him tonight there is another for whom he is the man one most loves to hate.     每逢有观众觉得“今晚节目决不可错过此人”，也会有另外的观众极为讨厌此人。
 I look at this problem from a different viewpoint.     我从不同的观点来看这个问题。
 I am familiar with his work and look forward to hearing his views on Literary and artistic creation.     我熟悉他的作品，并期待他能就文艺创作问题发表自己的见解。
 I am afraid under the vigilant eyes of the examiner.     在检察员警惕的目光下，我害怕了。
 The laws are still in vigor.     这些法律仍然有效。
 He never ceased to chase after his dream in his vigorous youth.     在精力充沛的年轻时代他从未停止过追求自己的梦想。
 He was noted for his vigour.     他以精力充沛而出名。
 The villa is famous for its old style.     这所别墅以古旧的风格而著名。
 The village was swept away when the dam burst.     村庄在水坝决堤时被冲走了。
 At the end of the movie the villain got what was coming to him and was put in jail.     电影的结尾，坏人被关进监狱，得到了他应有地下场。
 The report fully vindicated the unions.     这份报告充分说明工会是正确的.
 The grapes withered on the vine.     葡萄藤上的葡萄都干瘪了。
 Vinegar contains acetic acid.     醋中含有醋酸.
 A vineyard or wine-producing region in France.     克鲁法国的葡萄园或葡萄酒生产区
 I'm committed not to violate the rules.     我有义务不违反规定。
 From now on any violation of the regulation must be cruelly punished.     今后任何违反秩序的行为会受到严厉惩罚。
 The young man was charged with robbery with violence.     这个年轻人被控暴力抢劫。
 Violent criminals like that are a danger to society.     那种暴力罪犯对社会是一种危害。
 A moderate, light, or brilliant violet to moderate or deep reddish purple.     淡紫红色轻淡、适度或明亮的紫罗兰色，适度或深红紫色
 He played a tune on the violin.     他用小提琴演奏了一首曲子。
 An acute contagious viral infection characterized by inflammation of the respiratory tract and by fever, chills, muscular pain, and prostration.     流行性感冒一种急性的有传染性的病毒感染，主要特征是呼吸道感染和发烧、寒战、肌肉疼痛和虚脱
 This is the virgin voyage of the ship.     这是这艘船的处女航。
 Our deputy manager is the virtual head of the business.     我们的副经理是公司的实际负责人。
 It is virtually impossible to predict the future accurately.     精确预言未来的事实际上是办不到的.
 Virtue is fairer far than beauty.     【谚】美德远胜于美貌。
 A virtuous woman.     贞洁的女子
example sentence not found
 Scientists have isolated the virus causing the epidemic.     科学家们已分离出引起这种流行病的病毒。
 We've had to cut a few corners to get your visa ready in time.     我们得简化手续才能将你的签证及时办妥.
example sentence not found
 The phenomenon whereby a viscous substance solidifies under pressure.     膨胀凝固性一种粘性物质在压力下变成凝固的现象
 Dense fog is covering roads in the north and visibility is very poor.     浓雾笼罩了北部的公路, 能见度很低.
 The sea is visible from my hotel room window.     从我旅馆房间的窗户可以望到大海。
 We need someone with real vision to lead the party.     我们需要具有真知灼见的人来领导这个党。
 Visiting time in this hospital is from 4 to 6.     这家医院的探望时间是从4点到6点。
 The visitor left a little before noon.     来访者在中午前一会儿离开了。
 Visitors to the exhibition came in an endless stream.     参观展览会的人络绎不绝。
 Her designs have a strong visual appeal.     她的设计在视觉上很有感染力。
 I remember meeting him but I just can't visualize him.     我记得我见过他, 可就是想不起他的样子了.
 This point is vital to my argument.     这一点对我的论据极为重要。
 His mother told him to have a vitamin pill before leaving.     他妈妈让他在走之前吃一颗维生素药丸。
 The dark room was momentarily lit up by a vivid flash of lightning.     那黑洞洞的房间顿时被强烈的闪电照亮了。
 The squad leader was a vividly drawn character.     班长是个刻画得很生动的人物。
example sentence not found
 You can look up this word in the vocabulary.     你可以在词汇表里查这个词。
 I like instrumental music better than vocal music.     我喜欢器乐胜于声乐。
 He has little vocation for teaching.     他不是教书的材料。
 A person of mild mental retardation having a mental age of from7 to12 years and generally having communication and social skills enabling some degree of academic or vocational education. The term belongs to a classification system no longer in use and is now considered offensive.     痴愚者一个人智能迟缓发展，仅具有7岁到12岁的智能，一般在一定程度的学术或职业教育后能够进行交流和掌握社会技术。这个词是一个集合概念，现在不再使用，并被视为带有侮辱意味
example sentence not found
 Short hair came back into vogue.     短发又开始流行起来了。
 His voice shook with fear.     他害怕得声音发抖。
example sentence not found
 The check was marked void.     这张支票已经盖章无效了。
 The volatile political situation in Singapore upset the people.     动荡不定的新加坡政局使人民感到不安。
example sentence not found
 The volcano had slumbered for years.     这火山已经很多年不活动了。
 Police fired a volley over the heads of the crowd.     警察朝人群上方射出一排子弹。
 Their team really whipped ours at volleyball.     他们的排球队彻底击败了我们队。
 The SI unit of magnetic flux equal to the magnetic flux that in linking a circuit of one turn produces in it an electromotive force of one volt as it is uniformly reduced to zero within one second.     韦伯磁通量的国际单位，等于当磁通量在一秒钟内被统一地减弱为零时在它联接的一圈电路内产生一伏特电动势时的磁通量
 A low resistance connection between conductors which ensures that they have the same voltage.     导体间的一种低阻连接，用以确保它们具有相同电压。
 The volume of this container is 20 cubic meters.     这个集装箱的体积是20立方米。
 He made a voluntary statement to the police.     他自愿为警方作供。
 He volunteered a statement to the police.     他自动向警方供出情况。
 The mixture of drinks made me vomit.     我喝了混合饮料后吐了起来。
 Parliament voted the bill through without a debate.     国会未经辩论就投票通过了这项法案。
 A claim that a vote is invalid or that a voter is unqualified.     选举无效的声明声称某一投票无效或某一投票人不合格
 Voting showed a 10% swing to the Opposition.     投票结果表明有10%的人转而支持反对党.
 I can vouch for his honesty.     我可以为他的诚实做担保。
example sentence not found
 He vowed that he would prosecute them for fraud.     他郑重宣布将起诉他们犯有欺诈罪。
 A checked vowel.     闭音节元音
 She went on a long sea voyage.     她乘船在海上长途旅行。
 Putting food into one's mouth with a knife is considered vulgar in England.     在英国，用刀把食物送进嘴里被认为是粗鲁的行为。
example sentence not found
 She is very young and vulnerable to temptation/fraud.     她很年轻，易受诱惑／易受骗上当。
 We had to wade through the river to the opposite bank.     我们只好涉水过河到对岸.
 Microelectronic circuits in which the passive components and their metallic interconnections are formed directly on an insulating substrate and the active semiconductor devices(usually in wafer form) are added subsequently.     一种微电子电路器件，其中的无源元件及内部金属连线直接在绝缘衬底上形成，然后再加上有源半导体器件（通常以大圆片形式给出）。
 The dog wagged its tail.     狗摇了摇尾巴。
 We've decided to negotiate with the employers about our wage claim.     我们决定就工资问题与雇主谈判。
 You won't find better goods anywhere else, I'll wager.     你到哪儿也找不到比这个更好的货物，我敢打赌。
 A four-wheeled, open, box-shaped wagon or iron car run on tracks in a coal mine.     矿车、煤车煤矿中在轨道上行驶的四轮、开口、盒状的运货车或铁制车厢
 The exhausted mother smiled at the wail of her newborn baby.     听到新生儿的哭叫声，倦极了的母亲笑了。
 If the skirt is too big, we can take in the waist.     要是裙子太大了，我们可以把腰部收紧一些。
 How long have you been waiting?     你已经等候多久了？
 The waiter brought us a dish of orange segments.     服务员给我们端来一盘掰开的橘子瓣。
 With expectant faces, children are waiting for the drama to start.     孩子们眼巴巴地等候话剧开始。
 At breakfast time, the waitress still is not up.     到开早饭的时候，女服务员还没起床。
example sentence not found
 The argument woke old rivalries.     争论又激起了旧怨。
 Nature seems to be wakened from a deep sleep.     大自然好像从沉睡中被唤醒。
 The station is a short walk from my house     车站到我家只有几步路的路程。
 Meet my brother Walker.     见见我的兄弟沃克吧。
 The mountain rose up in a steep wall of rock.     这座山高而陡，形成一道岩石屏障。
 A woman's bag for carrying keys, a wallet, and other personal items; a handbag.     女用小包女子用来携带钥匙、皮夹或其他私人用品的小包；手提包
 We agonized for hours about which wallpaper to buy.     对买哪种壁纸, 我们伤了几小时的脑筋.
 A seed borne within a fruit having a hard shell, as in the peanut, almond, or walnut.     坚果种子生长在有硬壳的果实之内的种子，如花生、杏或核桃
 A wan expression.     惨淡的表情
 A rod, wand, or staff carried as an emblem of authority or office.     权杖作为权力或职位的象征而携带的手杖、棒或短杖
 The boy was wandering around.     男孩在那周围徘徊。
 The moon waxes and wanes every month.     月亮每个月都有盈亏。
 He is wanted by the police.     警察正通缉他。
 The prospect of another war appalled us.     想到有可能发生另一场战争，我们不寒而栗。
 The hospital has a medical ward and a surgical ward.     这医院有内科病房和外科病房.
 It's interesting that the words guardian and warden have a common origin.     有趣的是“guardian”与“warden”同出一源。
 You'd have more room in your wardrobe if you turfed out all your old clothes.     你把所有的旧衣服都处理掉, 衣柜里地方就大了.
 The Chairman's visiting the ware house today, so keep on your toes and be ready to answer any questions.     董事长今天要来仓库参观，所以你们要小心点，准备回答任何问题。
 If necessary, please warehouse the goods.     如有必要，请将该货存入仓库。
example sentence not found
 Prepared for use or action, especially in warfare.     有战斗力的，备战的为使用或行动准备的，尤指在战争中
 The weather has warmed up.     天气转暖了。
 All the teachers and students are warmly welcome.     热烈欢迎全体师生莅临指导。
 He was touched by the warmth of their welcome.     他受到他们热情欢迎，十分感动。
 I warned them that there might be snakes in the woods.     我提醒他们树林里可能有蛇。
 The sirens sounded an air-raid warning.     汽笛响起了空袭警报。
 You shouldn't arrest him without warrant.     你不能毫无根据地逮捕他。
 The tour price is not warranted by the use of two-star hotel.     旅游者花这么多的钱被安排住在二星级饭店是不合理的。
 The car is sold with a twelve- month warranty.     汽车出售有12个月的担保。
 Characteristic of or befitting a warrior.     勇敢的，好战的具有战士、勇士特征的或适宜于勇士的
 An ancient Greek or Roman galley or warship, having three tiers of oars on each side.     三排桨古战舰古代希腊或罗马的一种两边各有三排桨的战舰或划艇
 She was wary of strangers.     她对陌生人很警惕。
 She has a large wash this week.     这星期她有大量衣服要洗。
 Her face was covered in wasp stings.     她脸上满是黄蜂蜇过的伤痕.
 The retailer has to absorb the cost of wastage.     零售商须承受耗损的费用.
 All his efforts were wasted.     他的所有努力都白费了。
 Wasteful people usually end up in debt.     挥霍浪费者最后往往负债。
 We sat there watching basketball.     我们坐在那看篮球比赛。
 We should be watchful of computer viruses.     我们应该警惕计算机病毒。
 The smoke made my eyes water.     烟使我的眼睛流泪。
 You can cross the river a short distance below (ie downstream from) the waterfall.     在瀑布下游附近可以过河.
example sentence not found
 I bought a waterproof watch.     我买了一块防水表。
 Is this roof completely watertight?     这屋顶一点也不漏吗？
 Relating to, similar to, containing, or dissolved in water; watery.     水的与水有关的，似水的，含水的或溶于水的；水的
 A unit of electric power equal to the product of one volt and one ampere, equivalent to one watt.     伏安法功率单位，等于一伏特和一安培的乘积，等于一瓦特
 The flag waved in the wind.     旗帜在风中飘扬。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 The new general is not on the same wavelength as the other commanders.     新上任的将军与其他指挥官们意见不合。
 While we were wavering, somebody else bought the house.     就在我们犹豫不决的时候, 别人把那所房子买下了.
 Her disheveled coat was waving in the wind.     她蓬散的衣服在风中飘荡。
 He that have a head of wax must not walk in the sun.     自家头是蜡做成，休想太阳底下行。
 We lost the way in the dark.     我们在黑夜中迷路了。
 We are good friends.     我们是好朋友。
 The small weak child became the scorn of the class.     这个瘦小软弱的孩子成为全班嘲笑的对象。
 These internal disputes have weakened the party's power.     这些内部纠纷削弱了这个政党的力量。
 There is still some weakness in the legs, but her general condition is good.     她双腿仍有些软弱无力, 但总的情况尚好.
 This country's wealth comes from its oil.     这个国家的财富来自石油。
 This area is wealthy in fruits and flowers.     这个地区盛产水果和鲜花。
 The fisher used a spear as his weapon.     渔夫用矛作为武器。
 The combat arm that specializes in the use of such weapons.     炮兵部队专门使用这类武器的战斗部队
 The inscription on the stone had worn away.     刻在石头上的文字已磨损了。
 He began to weary of the work.     他开始对工作感到厌倦。
 What's the weather like?     天气怎么样？
example sentence not found
 I wove a garland of flowers.     我编了一个花环。
 The two weavers were cheats out and out.     那两个织工是彻头彻尾的骗子。
 A web object can be a web page(or part thereof), an image, plain file, a directory, a Java applet, or CGI script.     一个Web对象可以是一个网页（或其中的部分）、一幅图象、纯文本文件、一个目录，一个Java小程序或CGI手稿。
 She wedded a foreigner.     她嫁给了一个外国人。
 Her wedding brought us radiance.     她的婚礼给我们带来喜悦。
 I was so tightly wedged between two fat women that it was difficult for me to get up and leave the bus.     我被两个肥胖的女人紧紧地挤在中间，以致于要站起来下公共汽车都很难。
 What day is today? It's Wednesday.     今天是星期几？今天是星期三。
 There are so many weeds in his field!     他的田里有那么多野草！
 The temperature has stayed hot this week.     本周气温一直都很热。
 The library is open on weekdays only.     这个图书馆星期一至星期六都开放。
 What are your plans for the weekend?     你周末计划做什么？
 There is an interesting article in this weekly.     这期的周刊上有一篇有趣的文章。
 His wound is weeping.     他的伤口在出血。
 I weigh less than I used to.     我的体重比以前轻了。
 His opinion doesn't carry much weight.     他的意见没多少影响。
 I found some of her poems a bit weird.     我觉得她的诗有点怪。
 Welcome to China!     欢迎到中国来！
 The car has had a new wing welded on.     这辆汽车焊接了一个新的翼子板。
 These are matters that bear on the welfare of the community.     这些都是与社会福利有关的问题。
 Tears welled out of her eyes.     她泪如泉涌。
 The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.     太阳从东方升起，在西方落下。
 Filming a Western on location in the Mexican desert.     在墨西哥沙漠外景地拍摄一部西部片
example sentence not found
 They went westward.     他们向西走了。
 They went westward.     他们向西走了。
 Come and walk on the dry road instead of going through the wet.     来吧，捡干的路走，别走湿地。
 A flap from the tail of the whale upset the boat.     鲸尾轻轻一拍便把小船打翻了。
 The poet whaled away at the critics.     诗人对批评者们进行了猛烈的攻击
 A landing platform attached to a wharf and floating on the water.     浮台固定在码头且浮在水面上的着陆平台
 What, do you really want to go?     什么！你真的要去？
 Whatever I say, he always disagrees.     不管我说什么，他总是不同意。
 Take whatsoever measures you consider best.     采取任何你认为最好的措施。
 Wheat is transported from the farms to the mills.     把小麦从农场运到面粉厂。
 There are four wheels in a car.     一辆汽车有四只轮子。
 He collapse the wheelchair and put it on the boat.     他将轮椅摺叠起来放在船上。
 Turn off the switch when anything goes wrong with the machine.     如果机器出故障，就把开关关掉。
 I'd like to see you whenever it's convenient.     在你方便的时候我想来看看你。
 This is where he lives.     这就是他居住的地方。
 She has told them nothing that could shed light on her husband's whereabouts.     她没向他们提供任何有关她丈夫下落的线索。
 Wise men love truth, whereas fools shun it.     【谚】智者热爱真理，愚者回避真理。
 He devised a plan whereby he might escape.     他想出了一个可藉以逃脱的办法。
 The condition or state in which human beings exist in a meaningless, irrational universe wherein people's lives have no purpose or meaning. Used chiefly with the.     无价值，无意义人类生存在一个无意义或非理性世界的情况或状态下，在那里人类的生活既无目的又无意义。主要与the连用
 Wherever it is possible, he tries to help.     只要有可能，他总是设法帮忙。
 I don't care whether I get it or not.     我不在乎我是否可以得到它。
 Which book have you read?     哪一本书你读过了？
 It takes three hours, whichever route you take.     不论走那条路都要三个小时。
 While Mary was writing a letter, the children were playing outside.     玛丽写信时，孩子们在外面玩耍。
example sentence not found
 He cracked his whip and the horses began to trot.     他噼噼啪啪地挥鞭策马狂跑。
 He can't adjust himself to the whirl of modern life in this big city.     他无法适应这个大都市的现代生活的忙碌。
 The candidate lost the election by a whisker.     该候选人以微弱劣势失去了竞选
 Whisky is marked up by 150%.     威士忌在成本价上增加150%.
 The wind was whispering in the roof.     屋顶上风声飒飒。
 A bullet whistled past his head.     一颗子弹从他头顶上呼啸而过。
 She went as white as a sheet when she heard the news.     她听到这个消息顿时脸色苍白。
 I'll have my little house whitewashed tomorrow.     明天我找人用石灰水粉刷一下小屋。
 Who do you think you are?     你以为你是谁？
 Whoever told you that was lying.     谁对你说这话，谁就在说谎。
 I just threw the whole caboodle in the back of the car.     我把所有东西都扔到汽车後座上去了。
 He buys the materials wholesale.     他成批地购买原材料。
 As you know, we are a well-established firm in the line of textiles, and we enjoy good relations with all the wholesalers, chain stores and distributors in Canada.     你知道，我公司在纺织业有良好的信誉，跟加拿大所有的批发商、连锁商店和分销商都保持很好的关系。
 In order to maintain physical well being, a person should eat wholesome food and get sufficient exercise.     为了维持身体健康，一个人应该吃有益健康的食品，并经常锻炼身体。
 He doesn't wholly agree to the plan.     他并不完全同意这项计划。
 Whom did they invite?     他们邀请谁了?
 The train whooped out through the suburbs.     火车隆隆地驶出郊区。
 Whose pen is this?     这是谁的钢笔？
 The reasons why he did it are obscure.     他做那事的理由还不清楚。
 It's a wicked waste of money.     这样浪费金钱简直是罪恶。
 He is a man of wide interests.     他兴趣广泛。
 They differ widely in their opinions.     他们的意见分歧很大。
 The road is being widened.     这条路正在拓宽。
 A gap between revenue and spending; the widening gap between rich and poor.     收入和消费之间的差距；富人与穷人之间很大的悬殊
 Widespread flooding is affecting large areas of Devon.     洪水泛滥, 淹没了德文郡的广大地区.
 We had compassion for the poor widow.     我们同情这个可怜的寡妇。
 Once old Joe had inured himself to the solitary life of a widower, he began to improve in health and spirit.     一旦老乔适应了鳏夫的孤独生活，他的身体和精神状况便开始好转了。
 Tornadoes are violent whirlwinds which vary in their width from a few yards to 1300 feet.     龙卷风是一种猛烈的旋风，其直径从几码到1300 英尺。
 Easily wielded or managed.     易使用的，易管理的
 Did you know he was cheating on his wife?     你知道他欺骗他的妻子吗？
 He is wild to see the film star.     他一心想见一面那位影星。
 Abraham rose early in the morning, took some food and a waterskin full of water and gave it to Hagar; he set the child on her shoulder and sent her away, and she went and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba.     亚伯拉罕第二天一早起来，拿了些食物和一皮袋水给夏甲。他让孩子伏在夏甲户上送好上路。她走到别是巴荒野里迷了路。
 Our community is a leader in the conservation of wildlife.     我们社区在野生动物保护方面走在前头。
 Free will makes us able to choose our way of life.     自由的意志使我们可以选择自己的生活方式。
 He is always a willing helper.     他是一个乐于帮忙的人。
 Though she'd lost her job, she saved face by saying she'd left it willingly.     她失去了工作, 却说是自愿离职以保全面子.
 They tried to assure him of their willingness to work.     他们尽力使他相信他们乐意工作.
 Bring up in town, the boy find it difficult to separate a poplar from a willow.     那男孩是在城里长大的，所以觉得很难区别杨树和柳树。
 Her performance won her much critical acclaim.     她的表演大获评论界赞颂。
 The deer winded the stalkers.     那只鹿嗅出了偷偷接近的猎人。
 You operate the mechanism by winding this handle.     操纵这台机器要转动这个把手.
 The sails of the windmill were wheeling round.     风车的叶轮正在旋转。
 I saw the vase in the window of an antique shop.     我在一家古玩店的橱窗里看见了那个花瓶。
 The cold has frosted the windows.     寒冷的天气使窗子上结满了霜。
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 A feather floats about on the air, especially on a windy day. If there is a shower of rain, the feather will get wet and heavy with water, and then it will sink straight to the ground.     羽毛会在空中四处飘动，尤其是在多风的天气。如果遇上阵雨，就会因为淋上雨水变湿就沉，然后就会垂直落回到地上。
 Wine cups and dishes lay about in disorder in the room.     屋里杯盘狼藉。
example sentence not found
 The nearside wing was damaged in the collision.     汽车碰撞时左侧的翼子板撞坏了。
 A lighthouse was winking in the far distance.     一座灯塔正在远处闪烁。
 They took many photos of the exultation of the winner.     他们拍了许多获胜者欢欣雀跃的照片。
 It became fashionable for the rich to winter in the sun.     在阳光充足的地方过冬成了富人的时尚。
 She wiped her tears away.     她擦掉了眼泪。
 The two pieces of wood were wired together.     这两块木头已用金属丝捆在一起了。
 He sent me the news by wireless telegraph.     他用无线电报把消息告诉我。
 All this electrical wiring will take a day to set up.     所有这些电线架线要花一天时间安装好。
 According to conventional wisdom, voters usually make their choice on the basis of domestic issues.     按一般人在这些问题上的看法，选民常常着眼于国内问题来选择候选人。
 You are wise to remain silent.     你保持沉默，这很明智。
 I wish you a good journey.     祝你一路平安。
 He hadn't the wit to say no.     他笨得连说一句拒绝的话都不会说。
 The witch charmed the prince.     女巫对王子施了魔法。
 She is friendly with them.     她对他们很友好。
 The troops have been withdrawn from the danger area.     部队已经撤出危险地带。
 The committee decided to make a withdrawal of financial support for his scheme.     委员会决定取消对他那项计划的资助。
 The troops have been withdrawn from the danger area.     部队已经撤出危险地带。
 The grapes withered on the vine.     葡萄藤上的葡萄都干瘪了。
 How shall I withhold from tears when we part?     我们离别时我如何忍得住眼泪呢？
 This is a task well within your ability.     这完全是你力所能及的工作。
 Without the sun, nothing would grow.     没有太阳，就不会有生物。
 This dress material will withstand repeated washing.     这种衣料经得住反复洗涤。
 Did anyone witness the traffic accident?     有谁目击了这场交通事故？
 Although the subject-matter (of her talk) was rather dull her witty delivery kept the audience interested.     尽管（她讲的）内容有些枯燥, 但由於她善於表达, 大家仍听得津津有味.
 Having the qualities or attributes of a wizard.     魔法的，术士的有巫师的特点或性质的
 He told her all his woes.     他把自己的辛酸事都告诉她了。
 He saw a hungry wolf on the prowl with his telescope.     他通过望远镜看到了一头四处觅食的饿狼。
 She is a career woman rather than a housewife.     她是职业妇女而不是家庭主妇。
 They stared at the strange sight in silent wonder.     他们惊讶地默默凝视那奇景。
 The child's skill is wonderful for his age.     这个孩子小小年纪，技巧令人称奇。
 Pine is a soft wood and teak is a hard wood.     松木是软木，柚木是硬木。
 Our wooden sofa seems not very comfortable.     我们的木头沙发似乎不太舒服。
 All the woodpeckers have scansorial feet.     所有的啄木鸟都有适於攀爬的脚。
 Their family often picnics in the woods.     他们一家常在树林里野餐。
 The wool got in a fearful tangle.     毛线乱成了一团。
 This woolen sweater may keep you warm in winter.     这件羊毛衫在冬天可以保暖。
 The woollen cloth prickles (my skin).     穿毛料衣服（使我的皮肤）有被扎的感觉.
 Tell me what happened in your own words.     用你自己的话把发生的事情告诉我。
 I find it helpful to keep several dictionaries by me so as to compare their wording.     我发现身边放几本词典很有益处，这样便于比较它们的措词。
 The teacher's words were a great encouragement to him.     教师的话对他是极大的鼓舞。
example sentence not found
 Your car radio works very well.     你的汽车收音机性能很好。
 Such a scheme is workable.     这样的方案是行得通的。
 An eight-hour workday.     八小时工作日
 The worker is dyeing cloth in a vat.     工人正在一个大桶里染布。
 All the female workers in this factory got a present on March 8.     这家工厂的所有女职工在三八节都得到了一份礼物。
 I'm working on it.     我正在努力。
 Our new washing-machine keeps breaking down it's entirely due to shoddy workmanship.     我们的新洗衣机老出毛病－－完全是因为做的质量太差。
 They admired her workmanship.     他们很钦佩她的手艺.
 She works in a sugar refinery.     她在一家制糖厂工作。
 There are more than fifty workers in this workshop.     这个车间里有五十多个工人。
example sentence not found
 The travel enlarged my world.     这次旅行扩大了我的眼界。
 Hello. worldwide flowers. Ers. Green speaking.     喂，这是世界花卉公司，我是格林太太。
 Many birds eat worms.     很多鸟类都以虫子为食。
 You have no idea how worried I was.     你想像不出来我有多么担心。
 There's nothing to worry about.     没什么可担心的。
 We thought that the situation was as bad as it could be, but worse was to follow.     我们还以为那是最坏的情况呢，可没想到更糟的还在后面。
 The boy worshipped his father.     这小孩崇拜他的父亲。
 It's the old and the poor who suffer worst when subsidies are cut.     补助津贴一削减，最吃苦头的就是那些老人和贫民。
 Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing well.     任何值得做的事就值得做好。
 She was worthless as a violinist.     她作为小提琴手一无所成。
 Thank you for making my visit so worthwhile. I shall treasure your friendship and kind hospitality you have given me.     感谢你们使我的访问如此有价值。我将珍惜我们之间的友谊及你们给予我的盛情款待。
 We esteem him to be worthy of trust.     我们认为他值得信任。
 They wanted to know when you would go to the park.     他们想知道你们什么时候去公园。
 The soldier received a serious wound on the chest.     这名士兵胸部受了重伤。
 This wounded soldier was unconscious from his loss of blood.     这名伤员由于失血过多而昏迷不醒。
 I wrapped the rug around the sick man's legs to keep him warm.     我用毯子把病人的腿包了起来，让他暖和一点儿。
example sentence not found
 The book has a red wrapper.     这本书有红色的包装。
 He was... stirred by righteous wrath? (John Galsworthy).     他被…激起极大的愤怒（约翰・高尔斯渥西）
 The Queen pain homage to the victims of two world wars by laying a wreath on the Cenotaph.     女王向纪念碑了献花圈，以此向两次世界大战这中的牺牲者们表示敬意。
 The local people used to wreathe the guest's head in leaves.     当地人过去常把树叶缠在宾客的头上。
 The ship was wrecked on the rock.     船在岩石上撞毁了。
 Separation from her children was a terrible wrench.     同她的孩子们分别是一项很大的痛苦。
 Can you wrestle?     你会摔交吗?
 The hotel food was absolutely wretched.     那家旅馆的饭菜极差。
 He wrung his hands in sorrow.     他悲伤地绞紧双手。
 He wrinkled up his forehead in perplexity.     他困惑地皱起了眉头。
 He cut his wrist so badly that jets of blood spurted out.     他的手腕割伤得很厉害，血阵阵涌出。
 I wish he would write more often.     我希望他来信更勤些。
 The writer of the book lived in the eighteenth century.     这本书的作者生活在十八世纪。
 Writing is his life.     写作是他的生命。
 An important and perhaps surprising feature of technical English is that its normal style is common to both written and spoken communication.     科技英语的一个重要的，也许是令人惊奇的特点是：无论是书面的传达，还是口头的交流，二者都是可以作为正式文体而通用的。
 You wronged him by saying that he had lied.     你说他说谎是冤枉了他。
 Let me not put myself wrongly to my world and set it against me.     让我不要错误地把自己放在我的世界里而使它反对我。
 The mortality wrought by an epidemic.     由一传染病引起的大批死亡
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
example sentence not found
 Will you crew for me on my yacht?     你愿意在我的快艇上当水手吗?
 He parked his car in the yard.     他把车停在院子里。
 The beggar spun a long yarn about his misfortunes.     那个乞丐编造了一大篇自己如何遭遇不幸的故事。
 His long boring story made me yawn.     他的冗长的故事听得我直打呵欠。
 Yeah, if it's not too far away.     如果不太远的话，那好。
 He is 16 years old.     他16 岁了。
example sentence not found
 The yearly conference will be held next month.     年会下个月举行。
 He yearned for a sight of the old, familiar faces.     他渴望一见那些熟悉的老面孔。
 It took years of hard work to speak good English.     讲一口流利的英语需要多年的刻苦操练。
 Made light and high by yeast or other leaven.     发酵的用酵母或其它发酵剂使…轻而高
 You don't have to yell; I can hear you.     你用不著喊, 我听得见.
 The leaves turn yellow in autumn.     秋天时叶子变黄。
 Yes, you're quite right.     是的，你很对。
 Yesterday was Friday.     昨天是星期五。
 She is vain and foolish, and yet people like her.     她自负而愚蠢，然而人们喜欢她。
 The soldiers had to yield.     士兵们被迫投降。
 The farmer was yoking his oxen to a plough.     农夫正在用轭把牛套到犁上。
 One of two spiral bands of tissue in an egg that connect the yolk to the lining membrane at either end of the shell.     卵黄系带鸡蛋内将蛋黄和蛋壳任一端的内膜连接的两个螺旋的带状组织之一
 How late are you open?     你们营业到几点？
 The young in our society need careand protection.     我们社会的年轻人需要受到关怀和爱护.
 If I were ten years younger, I'd study harder.     要是我年轻10岁，我就要更用功学习。
 It is hard for an old man to work as long as a youngster.     老年人要工作得和年轻伙子一样久是困难的。
 These are your books.     这些是你们的书。
 His view of life is different from yours.     他的人生观与你的不同。
 I believe that you can work out this problem by yourself.     我相信你自己能做出这道题的。
 Taken care of yourselves.     照顾你们自己。
 The youth of the country are being ignored by politicians.     这个国家的青年没有受到政治家的重视。
example sentence not found
 The buy rate of US dollar note be846 yuan per hundred dollar.     美元的买入价是100美元付864元人民币。
 Have you seen him zapping around town on his new motor bike?     你看见没看见他骑著自己的新摩托车在市区飞驰?
 Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.     【谚】热情而无知，犹如无光之火。
 The doctors were zealous in their efforts to ensure the survival of premature babies.     医生们在努力保证早产婴儿成活方面热情很高。
 Related to, resembling, or characteristic of a zebra.     斑马的与斑马有关的、与斑马相似的或具有斑马特征的
 His hope was reduced to zero.     他的希望化为乌有。
 Her zest for life is as great as ever.     她对生活的极大乐趣一如既往.
 The path zigzags up the hill.     这条小道向山顶蜿蜒而上。
 Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.     黄铜是铜和锌的合金。
 These new trains really zip along.     这些新列车行驶得可真快.
example sentence not found
 The Norwegians live in a comparatively cold zone.     挪威人生活在比较寒冷的地区。
 The birth of a baby penguin in the zoo was widely reported.     动物园里小企鹅的出生受到了广泛的报道。
 The branch of zoology that deals with nematodes.     线虫学研究线虫的动物学分支
 The camera connection for the second camera do not provide power or pan, tilt and zoom control.     连着的另一台摄像机不带开关、扫视、俯仰、变焦和聚焦控制。